Pulsar is a highly scalable, low latency messaging platform running on.commodity hardware. It provides simple pub-sub semantics over topics,.guaranteed at-least-once delivery of messages, automatic cursor management for.subscribers, and cross-datacenter replication.Pulsar has been incubating since 2017-06-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1.Make an Apache Release. 2.Set up a test cluster to be able to run system tests. 3.Grow the community with new Committers/PPMC members. .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. The community added one contributor. There is a healthy discuss on issues related to development, tools and processes among the community members. .How has the project developed since the last report?. 6 authors have pushed 21 commits to master and 31 commits to all branches. The first release from the incubator is in process. A Release Candidate is up for vote, scheduled to close on Aug 3. The project has completed setting up its website and project documentation. The community has added a slack . channel.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. The podling is progressing well on its way to it's first Apache release (1.19.0-incubating There is good participation in governance and in contributions. .How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-06-17, v 1.18.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Signed-off-by:. (pulsar) Dave Fisher. Comments: Note v1.18 was a Github release of pre-incubation code. A release vote was just sent to general@incubator. (pulsar) Jim Jagielski. Comments:. (pulsar) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments: Also note that the download page has a note to the effect that the 1.18 release isn't an. Apache release. The message could be worded better, but at least it is there. (pulsar) Francis Liu. Comments:.