Pulsar is a highly scalable, low latency messaging platform running oncommodity hardware. It provides simple pub-sub semantics over topics,.guaranteed at-least-once delivery of messages, automatic cursor management .for.subscribers, and cross-datacenter replication.Pulsar has been incubating since 2017-06-01.Most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Complete the Podling name search tasks. The task is in progress right .now.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. The community added 7 new contributors that submitted pull-requests which. were merged into master. The number of users approaching the team on the Slack channel has kept. steadily increasing since the last report. Many users have actively . deployed. Pulsar for evaluation and production use cases. Project members from several companies have organized or participated in. several meetups, presenting Pulsar's introductions, deep-dives and hands-on. tutorial, including recorded podcasts. We have several scheduled talks on. Pulsar at various conferences, 2 at ApacheCon in September, one at OSCon . in July and 2 others at Strata New York in September. A Pulsar dedicated . meetup is being organized for next July. . Since the last report the number of weekly-active-users on the Slack . channel has increased from 53 to 88. . We have reached the 1 year mark since Pulsar entering the Apache . Incubator. Here is a summary of the community developments over the past year:. . 1. Pulsar community has done 5 Apache releases since entering. incubator. The release process is well documented and we have. had 4 different release managers from 3 different companies. . 2. We have added 3 committers and PPMC members since incubation and. there are also other candidates who have already made significant. contributions to the project. . 3. Community of users and people interested in Pulsar has expanded. considerably. Thanks to the months long work in improving ease of. use, documentation and blogs, many people became aware of Pulsar. and started playing with it, then evaluating it and finally. putting it in production for critical use cases. . 4. We have tried to help users getting started through any. communication channel. Even though we keep trying to encourage. people to use the mailing list, most of the first interactions. have been happening through the Slack channel. We also did make. sure that:. . a) No decisions are taken in Slack channel. . b) Developers technical discussion happen mostly in Github. issue/Pull-Request or in developers mailing list. . c) Conversations in Slack are sent to dev/user mailing list in a. daily digest form for archival and to be searchable. . In any case Slack has been working fairly well in engaging with. users, by providing a tool to have very quick informal. question/answer interactions that were very appreciated by users. 5. Overall, there were a lot of healthy discussions, with feedback. and collaborations from people from different companies and. different perspectives that resulted in much stronger design. decisions and ultimately a better system. 6. We have taken several steps to increase awareness, like blog. posts, meetups (both dedicated to Pulsar or dedicated to similar. topics) and presentations to conferences, like Strata or. ApacheCon (where we have 2 talks scheduled for next September.How has the project developed since the last report?. 23 authors have pushed 469 commits to master in the last 3 months. The project has made the its fifth release since joining the. Apache Incubator (2.0.0-rc1-incubating on May 29th This was a. major release that culminated several months of works and lays the. foundation for the next stage in Pulsar development. New major. features include:. Pulsar Functions (Lightweight compute framework Schema registry. Topic compaction. . Community is actively working on next milestone, 2.1 release that. will include several new features including:. Pulsar IO connector framework. Tiered storage. Go client library. Since March, 3 new PIPs (Pulsar Improvement Proposals) for major. feature/changes, have been submitted to the wiki and discussed in the. mailing list. . To recap the project developments since entering Apache Incubator:. . 1. Moved to Apache BookKeeper 4.7. Before Pulsar 2.0, we were using. a fork of BookKeeper from Yahoo, based on 4.3.1 with 245. additional commits. Thanks to a a big effort in the BookKeeper. community (which has a large overlap with Pulsar community), all. these changed were merged back into mainstream BookKeeper branch. and released in BookKeeper 4.7.0, making possible for Pulsar to. switch over from the Yahoo fork. 2. We have received a lot of feedback from people approaching Pulsar. and learned a lot on how to simplify tools, documentation and. concepts to make it easier for people to get started. . 3. Based on the same feedback and inputs, we have been adding new. features or extended existing features to match a new variety of. use case, some of them outside the scope the initial Pulsar. codebase from Yahoo. To summarize the "major" features added in the last year:. - Pulsar stateless proxy. - Non-persistent topics. - End-to-End message encryption. - Effectively-once semantics. - Type-safe APIs. - Schema Registry. - Pulsar Functions. - Topic compaction. - Python client library. . With more scheduled for next upcoming release 2.1:. . - Pulsar IO connector framework. - Tiered storage. - Go client library. . 4. In addition to features, we have been trying to smooth the. deployment of a production ready Pulsar cluster, by improving the. documentation and providing templates for more common environments,. such as Kubernetes, DCOS or just plain VMs with Ansible. 5. Having exposure to many users testing and using the sytem outside. the original Yahoo use cases has proven very effecting in helping. identifying and resolving corner cases that were not being. stressed before. This resulted in a much resilient system that. can adapt better to a large array of different requirements and. environments.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-05-29, 2.0.0-rc1-incubating.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-05-28 - Jerry Peng. 2018-05-28 - Sanjeev Kulkarni.Signed-off-by:. (pulsar) Dave Fisher. Comments: PPMC needs to work on brand management issues. Mentors are .engaging the PPMC in the issue. (pulsar) Jim Jagielski. Comments: Also community and corporate interaction issues are being worked. (pulsar) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments:. (pulsar) Francis Liu. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.