Pulsar is a highly scalable, low latency messaging platform running on.commodity hardware. It provides simple pub-sub semantics over topics,.guaranteed at-least-once delivery of messages, automatic cursor management.for subscribers, and cross-datacenter replication.Pulsar has been incubating since 2017-06-01.Most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. None.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Earlier in June there have been few discussions on the private list. regarding communications regarding Pulsar that were not coming from. PPMC or that were not respecting the ASF policies. Clarifications. followed between PPMC members, mentors and interested parties to. ensure the mistakes were made in good faith and, in particular, to. make sure everyone was fully has full understanding of ASF. policies. There was no other branding related issue after the first. occurrence.How has the community developed since the last report?. The community added 8 new contributors that submitted pull-requests. which were merged into master. The number of users approaching the team on the Slack channel has. kept steadily increasing since the last report. Many users have. actively deployed. Pulsar for evaluation and production use cases. Different meetups were organized by project members and hosted by. Yahoo in Sunnyvale and Yahoo Japan in Tokyo. We have presented. Pulsar's introductions, updates on the state of the projects,. deep-dives and hands-on tutorial, including recorded podcasts. One talk on Pulsar was presented at one at OSCon in July and there. are several scheduled talks: 2 at ApacheCon in September, and 2. others at Strata New York in September. Since the last report the number of weekly-active-users on the Slack. channel has increased from 53 to 88.How has the project developed since the last report?. 28 authors have pushed 494 commits to master in the last 3 months. The project has made the its seventh release since joining the. Apache Incubator (2.1.0-incubating on Aug 2nd. This release introduced these new features:. Pulsar IO: A connector framework for moving data in and out of. Apache Pulsar leveraging Pulsar Functions runtime. A number of builtin connectors: (Aerospike, Cassandra, Kafka,. Kinesis, RabbitMQ, Twitter Tiered Storage: An extension in Pulsar segment store to offload. older segments into long term storage (e.g. HDFS, S3 S3 support. is supported in 2.1 release. Stateful function: Pulsar Functions is able to use State API for. storing state within Pulsar. Pulsar Go Client. Avro and Protobuf Schema support. Community is actively working on a bug-fix release. (2.1.1-incubating) and on the next milestone, 2.2 release for which. the biggest feature will be support for SQL within Pulsar. Since June, 5 new PIPs (Pulsar Improvement Proposals) for. major feature/changes, have been submitted to the wiki and. discussed in the mailing list. PIP 23: Message Tracing By Interceptors. PIP 22: Pulsar Dead Letter Topic. PIP 21: Pulsar Edge Component. PIP 20: Mechanism to revoke TLS authentication. PIP 19: Pulsar SQL.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-08-02, 2.1.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-06-11 - Ivan Kelly. 2018-06-11 - Jia Zhai.Signed-off-by:. (pulsar) Dave Fisher. Comments: Looking forward to the graduation resolution. (pulsar) Jim Jagielski. Comments:. (pulsar) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments: Good report. At the urging of mentors, Pulsar completed a . maturity model evaluation, which I think worked well. They also dealt. with the branding issue fairly well after realizing how important such. issues are to the Foundation. . Currently moving toward graduation, which I support. (pulsar) Francis Liu. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.