Pulsar is a highly scalable, low latency messaging platform running on.commodity hardware. It provides simple pub-sub semantics over topics,.guaranteed at-least-once delivery of messages, automatic cursor management for.subscribers, and cross-datacenter replication.Pulsar has been incubating since 2017-06-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community with new Committers/PPMC members. 2. Set up a test cluster to be able to run system tests. 3. Improve release process by having more committers taking part in releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.The community added 5 contributors. There is a healthy discuss on issues related.to development, tools and processes among the community members.There has been a good number of questions asked by users on the Slack channel.where there are around 33 weekly active users.How has the project developed since the last report?.18 authors have pushed 150 commits to master in the last 3 months.The project has made the its second release in the Apache Incubator on October 13th.The next release (1.21-incubating) is being voted right now in the dev mailing list.Several design documents with improvement proposals have been submitted to the.wiki and discussed in the mailing list.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-10-13, 1.20.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.None.Signed-off-by:. (pulsar) Dave Fisher. Comments: Seems like the podling is engaging new contributors mostly through slack channel. We will need to make sure that enough information is archived by either discussion on dev@ or. in some other way. They are on their fourth RC in the current release and are doing things correctly. (pulsar) Jim Jagielski. Comments: Agreed. Need to push more actual conversation to the dev@ list. (pulsar) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments: I share the sentiment of other mentors. Would like to more dev@ list traffic vs. slack. (pulsar) Francis Liu. Comments:.