Pulsar is a highly scalable, low latency messaging platform running on.commodity hardware. It provides simple pub-sub semantics over topics,.guaranteed at-least-once delivery of messages, automatic cursor management for.subscribers, and cross-datacenter replication.Pulsar has been incubating since 2017-06-01.Two most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community with new Committers/PPMC members. 2. Complete the Podling name search tasks.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. The community added 6 new contributors that submitted pull-requests which. were merged into master. There has been a sharp increase in users approaching the team on the Slack. channel with many questions on getting started, clarifications,. troubleshooting. While developers use Slack for informal chatting, the. predominant usage of Slack has be users support. We have created a tool to. create daily email digests of the conversation and post it on dev@ and user@. lists, to comply with ASF policy of. We are also extracting the most. recurrent questions/answer from Slack and plan to add an FAQ section on the. website, together with improving documentation in the areas that seemed more. difficult to users. Project members from several companies have organized or participated in. several meetups, presenting Pulsar's introductions, deep-dives and hands-on. tutorial, including recorded podcasts. We have several scheduled talks on. Pulsar at various conferences (such as Strata San Jose on March 8th.How has the project developed since the last report?. 22 authors have pushed 536 commits to master in the last 3 months. The project has made the its third and fourth releases since joining the. Apache Incubator (1.21.0-incubating on Dec 17th and 1.22.0-incubating on Mar. 6th Project members are actively working on next milestone, 2.0 release. that will include several new features including:. Topic compaction. Redesigned type-safe API with schema support. Lightweight compute support. Overall, since December, 7 new PIPs (Pulsar Improvement Proposals) for major. feature/changes, have been submitted to the wiki and discussed in the. mailing list. Since the last report the number of weekly-active-users on the Slack channel. has increased from 27 to 53.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-12-13, 1.21.0-incubating. 2018-03-06, 1.22.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-01-19 - Sijie Guo.Signed-off-by:. (pulsar) Dave Fisher. Comments: They have the release cycle down pretty well. Building community. (pulsar) Jim Jagielski. Comments: I would say that the project is still building community and doing so extremely well. (pulsar) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments: I would have checked the "Community Building" box, but the podling is doing very well. (pulsar) Francis Liu. Comments:.