SAMOA provides a collection of distributed streaming algorithms for the most.common data mining and machine learning tasks such as classification,.clustering, and regression, as well as programming abstractions to develop.new algorithms that run on top of distributed stream processing engines.(DSPEs It features a pluggable architecture that allows it to run on.several DSPEs such as Apache Flink, Apache Storm, Apache S4, and Apache.Samza.SAMOA has been incubating since 2014-12-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community. 2. Elect new PMC members. 3. Following up our first release with further releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Mailing list activity (September-October-November 2015):. @dev: 120 messages. Jira issues backlog (September-October-November 2015):. Created: 8. Resolved: 6. Our main goal is to grow the community, which is still pretty small. We. are doing a large amount of dissemination work in conferences and events. to promote SAMOA. For example, we had two talks at technical conferences:. 1) A talk at the Apache Conference BigData, in Budapest, Hungary, during. the week of September 28-30, 2015. 2) A talk at the Flink Forward, a conference for the Apache Flink DSPE, in. Berlin, Germany, October 12-13, 2015. We have had contributions from outside the PPMC. In particular, we have. had contributions for:. 1) integrating Apache Avro input with Apache Samoa,. 2) a proposal for integrating Apache APEX as a new DSPE,. 3) continued the collaboration with the Apache Flink community.How has the project developed since the last report?. Main developments:. Performed development and testing of the VHT module. Fixed various bugs and improved ensemble and bagging methods. Worked on the integration of new data sources like Apache Avro. Improved the website to include more material for new contributors.Date of last release:. 2015-07-21.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None.Signed-off-by:. (samoa) Alan Gates. (samoa) Ashutosh Chauhan. (samoa) Enis Soztutar. (samoa) Ted Dunning.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.