SAMOA provides a collection of distributed streaming algorithms for the.most common data mining and machine learning tasks such as.classification, clustering, and regression, as well as programming.abstractions to develop new algorithms that run on top of distributed.stream processing engines (DSPEs It features a pluggable architecture.that allows it to run on several DSPEs such as Apache Flink, Apache.Storm, Apache Apex and Apache Samza.SAMOA has been incubating since 2014-12-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the developer base. 2. Grow the user base. 3. Add some more ML techniques.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Mailing list activity (September 2016 - November 2016):. @dev: 87 messages. Jira issues backlog (September 2016 - November 2016):. Created: 0. Resolved: 1. - We manage to resolve the pending issue regarding the integration of. Apache Apex with Samoa. - Also, we made some testing progress with Apache Gearpump. - We also had a presentation of Apache Samoa and its integration with. Apache Apex in Apache BigData Europe 2016. - We also published a scientific paper using Apache Samoa and one of. its machine learning techniques (Vertical Hoeffding Tree) (to be. presented in IEEE BigData Conference in December 2016.How has the project developed since the last report?. - We have performed a new release with several bug fixes and new. features (0.4.0 - We are looking into new ML techniques for development.Date of last release:. 2016-09-30.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None.Signed-off-by:. (samoa) Alan Gates. (samoa) Ashutosh Chauhan. (samoa) Enis Soztutar. (samoa) Ted Dunning.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Alan Gates:. Very low activity on this project over the last few months, with. last commit showing as Sept 22 and very few commits since last. March. A big need here beyond activity is to grow the community. There is a one individual who made several contributions last. spring; I sent an email to the mailing list asking if it made sense. to invite him to become a committer.