SAMOA provides a collection of distributed streaming algorithms for the.most common data mining and machine learning tasks such as.classification, clustering, and regression, as well as programming.abstractions to develop new algorithms that run on top of distributed.stream processing engines (DSPEs It features a pluggable architecture.that allows it to run on several DSPEs such as Apache Flink, Apache.Storm, Apache Apex and Apache Samza.SAMOA has been incubating since 2014-12-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the developer base. 2. Grow the user base. 3. Add some more ML techniques.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Mailing list activity (December 2016 - February 2017):. @dev: 24 messages. Jira issues backlog (December 2016 - February 2017):. Created: 2. Resolved: 0. - We are organizing an internal workshop on SAMOA at Telefonica. I+D with researchers of Orange Labs. - We had a presentation of Apache Samoa at Paris Machine Learning. Meetup and Hamburg Machine Learning Meetup. - Bhupesh Chawda has presented Apache SAMOA in different venues. with his presentation "Machine Learning Support in Apache Apex. (Next Gen Hadoop) with Apache SAMOA". - We invited edi_bice who made several contributions last. spring to become a committer. - We published a scientific paper using Apache Samoa and one of. its machine learning techniques (Vertical Hoeffding Tree presented in IEEE BigData Conference last December 2016. - We submitted a paper on SAMOA to a post-proceedings book of the. workshops MUSE/MSM 2015/2016 in the Springer LNCS/LNAI series.How has the project developed since the last report?. - We are looking into new ML techniques for development.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2016-09-30.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None.Signed-off-by:. (samoa) Alan Gates. Comments:. . Activity on this podling remains low. It is good to see a new. committer being elected. Shouldn't that be noted in the final section. on when new committers and PMC members were elected?. (samoa) Ashutosh Chauhan. Comments:. (samoa) Enis Soztutar. Comments:. (samoa) Ted Dunning. Comments:.