SAMOA provides a collection of distributed streaming algorithms for the most.common data mining and machine learning tasks such as classification,.clustering, and regression, as well as programming abstractions to develop new.algorithms that run on top of distributed stream processing engines (DSPEs.It features a pluggable architecture that allows it to run on several DSPEs.such as Apache Storm, Apache S4, and Apache Samza.SAMOA has been incubating since 2014-12-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Roll an Apache release. 2. Elect new PMC members. 3. Grow the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.Two of our current PMC members (Olivier and Matthieu) have new jobs.and have declared that they will not be able to actively contribute to.the project for the moment being. This leaves 4 active PMC members.How has the community developed since the last report?. Mailing list activity (March-April-May 2015):. @dev 375 messages. Jira issues backlog (March-April-May 2015):. Created: 14. Resolved: 19.We have had contributions from outside the PMC.In particular, we have been collaborating with the Apache Flink community.Our main goal is still to grow the community, which is still pretty.small. To achieve this goal, we are doing a large amount of.dissemination work in conferences and events to promote SAMOA.How has the project developed since the last report?.We are fully operational on the new infrastructure:. Completed migration of issues from old GitHub repository. Completed migration of documentation from old wiki. Created new Confluence wiki with roadmap and contribution. instruction:. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/SAMOA/Samoa+Home.Main developments:. New adaptor for Flink integrated. Simplified the website and solved several bugs. Preparing for our first release in June.We should increase the rate of technical contribution to the project.and move to less incremental ones. Codebase still need cleanup to.ease adoption by new contributors.Date of last release:.None, plan to have one in June.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.None.Signed-off-by:. (samoa) Alan Gates. (samoa) Ashutosh Chauhan. (samoa) Enis Soztutar. (samoa) Ted Dunning.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.