A tool for efficiently transferring bulk data between Apache Hadoop and.structured datastores such as relational databases. .Sqoop was accepted into Apache Incubator on June 11, 2011. Status information.is available at http://incubator.apache.org/projects/sqoop.html.Progress since last report:. - Sqoop PPMC voted in Kathleen Ting as a new committer. - Sqoop PPMC voted in Jarek Jarcec Checho (Jarsolav Cecho) as PPMC member. - Released Sqoop version 1.4.1-incubating, with support for Apache Hadoop. versions 0.20, 0.23 and 1.0. - Sqoop started its graduation process on February 19th, 2012.Progress on graduation:. - Community Vote: PASSED. Vote (1), Result (2 - Incubator PMC Vote: PASSED. Vote (3), Result (4 - During IPMC vote a concern was raised that Sqoop contains deprecated. Java source in com.cloudera.sqoop namespace which need be removed. before graduation. - Sqoop dev expressed that this code was:. - Marked deprecated and retained solely for backward compatibility. - That there was a concrete plan to completely remove it by next major. revision, work for which had already started. - That it was not motivated by Cloudera's corporate interests. - The Incubator PMC and Sqoop community reached consensus that:. - Sqoop was within its right to retain Java source code in. com.cloudera.sqoop namespace to provide backwards compatibility. . - And, that it was for the benefit of Sqoop community. - And, that there is no such policy in ASF that Incubator can enforce. on any Incubating projects. - And, that if anyone feels that this should be a policy, they must. establish it via the proper channel of providing the problem statement,. impact of the problem, and solution to the board for consideration. - The draft board resolution that was voted on by IPMC has been submitted. to the board for consideration in its next meeting scheduled for. March 21, 2012.(1) http://s.apache.org/scvt.(2) http://s.apache.org/sqoop.(3) http://s.apache.org/sivt.(4) http://s.apache.org/sivr.Signed off by mentor: phunt, olamy, tomwhite.