Apache Amaterasu is a framework providing configuration management and.deployment for Big Data Pipelines.It provides the following capabilities:.Continuous integration tools to package pipelines and run tests.A repository to store those packaged applications: the applications.repository.A repository to store the pipelines, and engine configuration (for.instance, the location of the Spark master, etc.): per environment - the.configuration repository.A dashboard to monitor the pipelines.A DSL and integration hooks allowing third parties to easily integrate.Amaterasu has been incubating since 2017-09.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow up user and contributor communities. 2. Prepare documentation.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. A concern was raised by a mentor that the community is too small and not. active enough and that Amaterasu should consider retiring. We did a roll. call, and identified a total of 5 individuals willing to contribute as. volunteers. We'll keep tracking the activity and reassess whether to retire within a. few months.How has the community developed since the last report?. N/A.How has the project developed since the last report?. Since the last report Amaterasu has hit it's first major milestone -. the project's first release as an Apache Project. Out of 27 issues for the next version 11 are done and 2 are in progress. One organisation we are aware of have decided to start a project using. Amaterasu with the intention of using it in production.Date of the last release:. 12 July 2018.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. N/A.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed.Signed-off-by:. (amaterasu) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. Comments: Please provide answer to the question about mentors help. (amaterasu) Olivier Lamy. Comments: enough activity? big users community?. (amaterasu) Davor Bonaci. Comments: tracking activity/viability of graduation.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.