Apache Amaterasu is a framework providing configuration management and .deployment for Big Data Pipelines.It provides the following capabilities:.Continuous integration tools to package pipelines and run tests.A repository to store those packaged applications: the applications .repository.A repository to store the pipelines, and engine configuration (for .instance, the location of the Spark master, etc.): per environment - the .configuration repository.A dashboard to monitor the pipelines.A DSL and integration hooks allowing third parties to easily integrate.Amaterasu has been incubating since 2017-09-07.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow up user and contributor communities. 2. Prepare documentation.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware .of?. There is still concern regarding the progress of the project. The . community tries to address this by making the project more accessible. The . first major step is releasing the documentation and simplifying the install . process. In addition, we are working closely with some of the newer . contributors to mentor them and help them be more productive.How has the community developed since the last report?. Since the last report, we have been focusing on the next release with . strong focus building the documentation which we hope will help with . adoption. We are still working with a couple of organizations on their use . case, hopefully, those could become a public use cases soon.How has the project developed since the last report?. 11 pull requests by 4 contributors have been opened since the last . report. Out of those 2 have been closed, 1 is awaiting fixes and the rest . have been merged. Documentation has been progressing and is due for the upcoming release.Date of the last release:. 12 July 2018.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. N/A.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling through .the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues that need to be .addressed. N/A.Signed-off-by:. (amaterasu) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. Comments:. (amaterasu) Olivier Lamy. Comments:. (amaterasu) Davor Bonaci. Comments: the activity in the project is not indicative of a thriving .project.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.