Apache AsterixDB is a scalable big data management system (BDMS) that.provides storage, management, and query capabilities for large collections.of semi-structured data.AsterixDB has been incubating since 2015-02-28.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Migrate issues from Google Code. 2. Do an Apache release. 3. Grow community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. 1. The most urgent issue right now is to migrate the issues from the. Google Code tracker to the ASF JIRA (INFRA-9954) as Google Code turns. read-only on Aug 24. The issue was open with sporadic activity for. some time. Recently, the frequency of the interactions with infra has. increased significantly (thanks!), but the problem is not solved yet. 2. There was a discussion on the use of a Gerrit instance hosted at UCI. for code reviews in this project. After an initial assumption that this. was contrary to Apache policy and the subsequent. a) clarification on how Gerrit is being used (every AsterixDB commit is. explicitly made by a committer to the ASF git repo - not by Gerrit),. b) configuration of Gerrit that all notifications are sent the the. project's mailing list, and. c) addition of a step at Gerrit account creation that requires that an. ICLA is on file at the ASF. the current state of the discussion is that this is. a) not contrary to policy but also. b) not ideal as the regular workflow depends on non-ASF resources. Ideally the code review tool would be hosted by infra, but capacity is. an issue.How has the community developed since the last report?. Getting more requests on opportunities to contribute and also some. contributions.How has the project developed since the last report?. - New website is up. - YARN support added. - Other development is ongoing.Date of last release:. No Releases yet.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. No new elected PPMC and/or committers since entering incubator.Signed-off-by:. (asterixdb) Ate Douma. (asterixdb) Chris Mattmann. (asterixdb) Henry Saputra. (asterixdb) Jochen Wiedmann. (asterixdb) Ted Dunning.