Apache AsterixDB is a scalable big data management system (BDMS) that.provides storage, management, and query capabilities for large.collections of semi-structured data.AsterixDB has been incubating since 2015-02-28.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Do an Apache release that can also provide binary artifacts with. correct LICENSEs and NOTICEs. 2. 3.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. The discussion on the use of an external Gerrit instance for code. reviews is considered to be resolved. The current workflow ensures that. a) The ASF git repository is the canonical repository for the project. b) Only committers can manually commit changes to the ASF git. repository. c) All discussions on the Gerrit instance are sent to. notifications@asterixdb.incubator.apache.org. While it would be good to also have the Gerrit instance run on ASF. hardware, this is neither necessary to document the provenance of the. code nor to enable list members to follow and participate in the. activities of the project. Also, there seems to be no infra capacity. to provide a Gerrit service.How has the community developed since the last report?. - A paper on AsterixDB was presented at VLDB'15. - A deep-dive introduction to AsterixDB was given at the first. workshop on Big Data Open Source Systems (BOSS'15. - Chris Hillery was added as a committer on Oct 20. - Increased traffic on the users list.How has the project developed since the last report?. - All Google Code issues were migrated to the ASF JIRA and triaged. - The discussion on the use of an external Gerrit instance for code. reviews is considered to be resolved. - AsterixDB 0.8.7 and the associated Hyracks 0.2.16 were released.Date of last release:. 2015-10-22 AsterixDB 0.8.7. 2015-09-22 Hyracks 0.2.16.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2015-10-20 Chris Hillery.Signed-off-by:. (asterixdb) Ate Douma. (asterixdb) Chris Mattmann. (asterixdb) Henry Saputra. (asterixdb) Jochen Wiedmann. (asterixdb) Ted Dunning.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Chris Mattmann (mattmann):. . Great work!. Ted Dunning (tdunning):. The handling of the Gerrit question was particularly good.