Apache Flex is an application framework for easily building Flash-based.applications for mobile devices, the browser and desktop.Summary: A highly energetic community waits for Adobe to transition code.and infrastructure.Date of entry to the Incubator: December 31, 2011.Top four items to resolve before graduation:. 1. Resolve trademark donation or licensing. 2. Complete code and bug database donation. 3. Make at least one release. 4. Add new committers.Is there anything that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board specifically needs.to address?. The ASF legal team will have to work with Adobe on the Trademark. licensing issue. Adobe legal is still drafting the proposal before. presenting to Apache.Are there any legal, infrastructure, cross-project or personal issues that.need to be addressed? (Are there any stumbling blocks that impede the podling?. Besides the trademark issue mentioned previously, the code donation and. bug database donation are being slowed by infrastructure issues at both. Adobe and Apache, mainly the lack of ways to easily transfer multi-GB files.Check that the project's Incubation Status file up to date. http://incubator.apache.org/projects/flex.What has been done (releases, milestones, etc.) since the last report?. - An initial set of Flex source (minus Subversion history) was checked into. the whiteboard area of the podling’s Subversion repository. - Other initial committers have donated code to the whiteboard. - A logo contest was held. Over 50 entries were submitted. - The mailing lists were established. Over 200 people joined in the. first 30 days and the traffic averaged over 100 emails a day. It has. quieted down now that the logo contest has concluded.What are the plans and expectations for the next period?. Adobe expects to complete the transfer of the bug database and the initial. set of code with history. Adobe also hopes to contribute the compiler and. test suite as well. And there is hope for an initial release.Are there any recommendations for how incubation could run more smoothly for you?. Incubation has been working well. Our mentors are great.Signed off by mentor: bdelacretaz, wave.