Apache Flex is an application framework for easily building Flash-based.applications for mobile devices, the browser and desktop.Summary: A highly energetic community waits for Adobe to complete the.source code transition and infrastructure.Date of entry to the Incubator: December 31, 2011.Top three items to resolve before graduation:. 1. Resolve trademark donation or licensing. 2. Complete code and bug database donation. 3. Make at least one release.Is there anything that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board specifically needs.to address?. The ASF legal team may have to agree to a custom Trademark licensing. Adobe is currently evaluating the parameters of a custom Trademark license. proposed by an ASF Board member. If approved, a custom agreement will be. drafted and signed by both parties.Are there any legal, infrastructure, cross-project or personal issues that.need to be addressed? (Are there any stumbling blocks that impede the podling?. Besides the trademark issue mentioned previously, the import of existing. JIRA bugs is blocked by an issue with Apache JIRA's import utility. It has. failed to import the data file supplied by Adobe. Infra is supposed to. open a support ticket with Atlassian.Check that the project's Incubation Status file up to date. http://incubator.apache.org/projects/flex.What has been done (releases, milestones, etc.) since the last report?. - An initial set of Flex source (base framework code), including history,. was checked into the trunk area of the podling’s Subversion repository. - Other initial committers have donated code to the whiteboard. - Updates to the podling's wiki including a getting started area for. reference to new project members. - Justin Mclean was accepted as committer to the podling.What are the plans and expectations for the next period?. Adobe expects to complete the transfer of the bug database. Adobe also. hopes to contribute the compiler and test suite as well. And there is hope. for an initial release.Are there any recommendations for how incubation could run more smoothly.for you?. Incubation has been working well. Our mentors are great.Signed off by mentor: wave, bdelacretaz, greddin.