Apache Flex is an application framework for easily building Flash-based.applications for mobile devices, the browser and desktop.Summary: A highly energetic community waits for Adobe to complete the.source code transition and infrastructure.Date of entry to the Incubator: December 31, 2011.Top three items to resolve before graduation:. - Resolve trademark donation or licensing. - Complete code and bug database donation. - Make at least one release.Is there anything that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board specifically needs.to address?. The ASF legal team may have to agree to a custom Trademark licensing. Adobe is currently evaluating the parameters of a custom Trademark license. proposed by an ASF Board member. If approved, a custom agreement will be. drafted and signed by both parties. Apache is waiting on Adobe to approve. the latest Apache proposal.Are there any legal, infrastructure, cross-project or personal issues that.need to be addressed? (Are there any stumbling blocks that impede the podling?. Besides the trademark issue mentioned previously, the import of existing. JIRA bugs is blocked by an issue with Apache JIRA's import utility. It has. failed to import the data file supplied by Adobe. Infra has opened a support. ticket with Atlassian, but the problem remains unresolved one month later.Check that the project's Incubation Status file up to date. http://incubator.apache.org/projects/flex.What has been done (releases, milestones, etc.) since the last report?. - The Flex compiler source code, including history, was donated to Apache. It is pending import into the SVN repository. - Other initial committers have donated code to the whiteboard. - Martin Heidegger was accepted as committer to the podling.What are the plans and expectations for the next period?. Adobe expects to complete the transfer the mustella test suite. We hope to make progress on an initial release.Are there any recommendations for how incubation could run more smoothly.for you?. Our mentors are great. We are wondering if Apache has considered giving. large projects like Flex their own SVN and JIRA servers. Recently, we pushed. really hard to get a software grant signed (An Adobe VP even came in. to sign it while he was taking time off to move to a new house) in order to. try to make the weekend deadline for getting code imported into SVN. We. are in a hurry because we have seen signs we are losing momentum (mailing. list traffic is much lower) and a key Flex conference is coming up on. April 15. Being able to announce that new code was in SVN would be a good. boost and good timing. We submitted a software grant and code on Friday afternoon, but were . too late to have the secretary record the software grant and that meant . that Infra couldn't import the code since they only do that on weekends, . and so we are now waiting for the next weekend. Having our own separate . SVN repository would make weeknight imports possible and maybe not tax . a single database as much. Large projects like Flex have tons of files. The same holds true for the bug database as well. We submitted the. JIRA import file on Feb 1. Infra has been unable to get the import to. succeed (it worked on a test instance on my computer) and has had to file. a bug with Atlassian (JIRA's maker We asked about using the SOAP. interface to import bugs but Infra is concerned that some problem in. that process would screw up JIRA for everyone and/or cause performance. issues. Having our own JIRA instance would allow us to try alternate . means of getting around the JIRA issue. A SOAP import utility exists and . was used to successfully import all 30,000 issues into a test instance. but there is risk of having some other issue show up when we add that many. issues to an existing database.Signed off by mentor: bdelacretaz, greddin, wavw.