Apache Flex is an application framework for easily building Flash-based.applications for mobile devices, the browser and desktop.Summary: A large community is losing momentum as it waits for Adobe to.complete the source code transition and infrastructure.Date of entry to the Incubator: December 31, 2011.Top three items to resolve before graduation:. - Resolve trademark donation or licensing. - Complete code and bug database donation. - Make at least one release.Is there anything that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board specifically needs.to address?. The ASF legal team will have to agree to a custom Trademark licensing. Adobe is still finalizing its proposal for the agreement.Are there any legal, infrastructure, cross-project or personal issues that.need to be addressed? (Are there any stumbling blocks that impede the podling?. Besides the trademark issue mentioned previously, the import of existing. JIRA bugs is blocked by an issue with Apache JIRA's import utility. It has. failed to import the data file supplied by Adobe. Infra has opened a support. ticket with Atlassian, but the problem remains unresolved two months later.Check that the project's Incubation Status file up to date. http://incubator.apache.org/projects/flex.What has been done (releases, milestones, etc.) since the last report?. - The Flex compiler source code, including history, was imported into. the SVN repository. - Additional localization resources have been donated. - Carol Frampton is working to create a release candidate. We expect. the initial RC's to be rejected as we finalize licensing and other. policy issues.What are the plans and expectations for the next period?. Adobe expects to complete the transfer of the mustella test suite. We hope to get an initial release approved by IPMC.Are there any recommendations for how incubation could run more smoothly.for you?. Our mentors continue to be very helpful. We really need to get JIRA up and running. I still would like the incubator. to consider separate servers for projects. Having to set up external. servers as an interim is a lot of work and adds confusion when you want. to move to a final server or url later and you could have migration. issues if you didn't set up the server in a compatible way.Signed off by mentor:.