Apache Flex is an application framework for easily building Flash-based.applications for mobile devices, the browser and desktop.Summary: A large community is losing momentum as it waits for Adobe to.complete the source code transition and infrastructure.Date of entry to the Incubator: December 31, 2011.Top three items to resolve before graduation:. - Resolve trademark donation or licensing. - Complete code and bug database donation. - Make at least one release.Is there anything that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board specifically needs.to address?. The ASF legal team will have to agree to a custom Trademark licensing. Adobe submitted an initial proposal for the agreement at the end of May.Are there any legal, infrastructure, cross-project or personal issues that.need to be addressed? (Are there any stumbling blocks that impede the podling?. Besides the trademark issue mentioned previously, the import of existing. JIRA bugs is blocked by an issue with Apache JIRA's import utility (INFRA-4380. We just got news that this should now be resolved, the PPMC is testing. the results of the import before activating it.Check that the project's Incubation Status file up to date. http://incubator.apache.org/projects/flex.What has been done (releases, milestones, etc.) since the last report?. - Carol Frampton is the release manager for our first release and has. prepared some initial release candidates. We are continuing to refine. the release candidates to respond to various licensing and policy issues. - Christophe Herreman was added as a committer and PPMC member due to his . offering patches for issues with the release candidates. - OmPrakash Muppirala has been leading the development of a tool that. allows IDEs like Adobe Flash Builder to work better with Apache Flex. releases. Justin McLean, Stephen Downs, Roland Zwaga, and Tomasz Maciag. have also contributed to the tool.What are the plans and expectations for the next period?. Adobe expects to complete the transfer of the mustella test suite. We hope to get an initial release approved by IPMC.Are there any recommendations for how incubation could run more smoothly.for you?. Our mentors continue to be very helpful. See May 2012 report for other concerns related to JIRA and svn imports,. but as mentioned above it looks like the JIRA import problems are fixed . now.Signed off by mentor: greddin, wave.Shepherd: Matt Franklin.