Apache Flex is an application framework for easily building Flash-based.applications for mobile devices, the browser and desktop.Summary: A large community is waiting to see if committer activity will increase.and starting to think about graduating.Date of entry to the Incubator: December 31, 2011.Top three items to resolve before graduation:. - Get better at resolving issues the Apache Way. - Get more initial committers to commit something. - Make another release with more non-Adobe involvement.Is there anything that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board specifically needs.to address?. There was discussion about letting Flex graduate with the requirement that. one or two mentors remain on the PMC.Are there any legal, infrastructure, cross-project or personal issues that.need to be addressed? (Are there any stumbling blocks that impede the podling?. The issue regarding the import of attachments for existing. JIRA bugs remains open (INFRA-4380 It is not critical, but it would be. nice to get this resolved soon. The PPMC has voted to move from SVN to Git. Having Apache approve read/write. Git repositories would be helpful.Check that the project's Incubation Status file up to date. http://incubator.apache.org/projects/flex.What has been done (releases, milestones, etc.) since the last report?. - We released Apache Flex 4.8.0 (incubating. - OmPrakash Muppirala and Erik de Bruin were added as a committer and . PPMC member due to their work on the installer. Peter Ent and . Gordon Smith from Adobe were also added as committers as they are . shepherding large donations from Adobe. - Adobe completed the trademark donation. - Adobe donated the Text Layout Framework, the rest of the Mustella. test suite and signed off on the Falcon compiler donation. - OmPrakash Muppirala has been leading the development of a tool that. allows IDEs like Adobe Flash Builder to work better with Apache Flex. releases. Justin McLean, Stephen Downs, Roland Zwaga, Tomasz Maciag,. and Erik de Bruin have also contributed to the tool. - We have accepted several patches from the community to address issues. with our test suite. - After much discussion, we voted to move from SVN to Git and employ. something known as the Git Branching Model.What are the plans and expectations for the next period?. - We hope to finalize the release of the installer. - Adobe will submit the Falcon compiler source. - We will get the test suite stable on Mac desktops and then on Windows. and mobile configurations. This should remove the last excuse for. committers who are afraid to make changes without a validation suite. - We hope to complete the transition from SVN to Git.Are there any recommendations for how incubation could run more smoothly.for you?. Our mentors continue to be very helpful.Signed off by mentor: wave, bdelacretaz, bmargulies.