Taverna is a domain-independent suite of tools used to design and execute.data-driven workflows.Taverna has been incubating since 2014-10-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. IP clearance to be signed by Univ of Manchester. 2. Move source code, wiki, issues to apache.org. 3. Re-awake community after migration, prepare a release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Quiet month - dominated by migration issues. Involvement with students who are combining Taverna and Apache Storm. Email traffic December 2014:. dev@taverna: 50 messages. users@taverna: 12 messages.How has the project developed since the last report?. The project is waiting for the Software Grant from Univ of Manchester. Solicitor and Contracts Manager as he needed to retrieve the existing CLAs. from archive. He has replied (2015-01-05): "They should arrive back from. storage this week and we can proceed with the [software grant] transfer". Taverna's WSDL-support modified to work with Apache Woden. About 45% of code base ready to be migrated (moved to slimmer git layout,. modified to org.apache.taverna groupId and build. TODO: LICENSE and NOTICE plugins for Maven. Apache Taverna website live at. http://taverna.incubator.apache.org/. -- not yet migrating content from. http://www.taverna.org.uk/ until IP clearance sorted. Discussions around packaging / Debian.Date of last release:. None.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None since incubation.Signed-off-by:. (taverna) Andy Seaborne. (taverna) Chris Mattmann. (taverna) Suresh Srinivas. (taverna) Suresh Marru. (taverna) Marlon Pierce.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Andy Seaborne (andy):. . Given the podling has not yet got the software grant on ASF file,. through no fault of the podling, I suggest keeping reporting Taverna. monthly. Justin Mclean (jmclean):. . Off to a good start, with discussions about making builds and assembling. LICENSE and NOTICE. Mentors (very) active.