Taverna is a domain-independent suite of tools used to design and execute.data-driven workflows.Taverna has been incubating since 2014-10-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Project maturity evaluation. 2. IP/Licence Review. 3. Graduate!.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Reviewing licences and IP with a view to graduation. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/TAVERNADEV/2016-09+License+review.How has the community developed since the last report?. List has gone a bit more quiet, while activity on the . Gitter chat https://gitter.im/apache/taverna. has remained at same level. Need to re-focus use of. mailing list and community development.How has the project developed since the last report?. Preparing maturity report, almost ready for graduation vote. Taverna has a lot of different code bases and we are reviewing. what code we should remove from the repo while leaving a core set. of modules for graduation.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2016-07-01 taverna-engine-3.1.0-incubating. 2016-07-01 taverna-common-activities-2.1.0-incubating. 2016-07-01 taverna-commandline-3.1.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2016-10-20 Committer. 2015-12-09 PPMC member.Signed-off-by:. (taverna) Andy Seaborne. Comments:. Taverna dev@ has been quiet for this reporting period. The podling. is trying to establish which parts of the total software grant to. take through the incubator process into a TLP. There are still parts. that have not been released or at a minimum checked for IP. The active PPMC membership is low and it would be better to work on. community growth to provide a stable PMC as a TLP. (taverna) Daniel J Debrunner. Comments:. (taverna) Marlon Pierce. Comments:. (taverna) Stian Soiland-Reyes. Comments:. Activity has stalled a bit in the drive towards graduation, as some. (perhaps tedious) IP review remains. Ambition levels might need. adjustment, e.g. don't include all repositories in graduation to. TLP. (taverna) Suresh Marru. Comments:. (taverna) Suresh Srinivas. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament:. The concerns about IP review may be valid, but there seems to be a disconnect. on community graduation vs code graduation.