Taverna is a domain-independent suite of tools used to design and execute.data-driven workflows.Taverna has been incubating since 2014-10-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Re-engage PPMC towards community building. 2. Release or Retire legacy git repositories. 3. Graduate!.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.How has the community developed since the last report?. Large interest from Google Summer of Code students. . Multiple pull requests, many already merged. . Elected new PPMC member Sagar. Email stats dev@taverna:. 2017-12: 18. 2018-01: 120. 2018-02: 156.How has the project developed since the last report?. . Taverna Server release, addressed many IP/license issues. . Active development, but focused mainly on the Android app. . Some challenges with maintaining legacy git repositories as. they require different skills.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-01-18.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-02-26 (PPMC.Signed-off-by:. (taverna) Andy Seaborne. Comments:. While there has been an uptick in development activity recently, and the. contributor is a new PPMC member, the podling PPMC as a group is not moving. towards graduation. Reiterating my comments from December: I am worried that pushing through. graduation will only result in the same situation as a TLP. (taverna) Daniel J Debrunner. Comments:. (taverna) Marlon Pierce. Comments:. (taverna) Stian Soiland-Reyes. Comments:. I have been quite impressed by the uptick since New Year, which shows how just. a bit of PMC engagement can give lots of follow-on activitity. I would hope. Taverna can continue this move out of the "risk of retire" zone, but that. requires more PMC members to chip in now and then. (taverna) Suresh Marru. Comments:. (taverna) Suresh Srinivas. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament: the discrepancies between the mentors seems to be a concern. In general it seems like good communication flow.