Taverna is a domain-independent suite of tools used to design and execute.data-driven workflows.Taverna has been incubating since 2014-10-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Re-engage PPMC members. 2. Graduate?. 3.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. INFRA-16698 is pending comments from Daniel Gruno / IPMC on how. to manage incubator repositories on git-wip-us.apache.org that have. been retired (in our case transferred to another GitHub organizations. The suggestion is to do a "git rm" and leave a README on the head commit. pointing to the new location. See also.https://lists.apache.org/thread.html/b4672999838a64a1883407f0c827d7d40fdef13.f2424fa5465e944c3@%3Cgeneral.incubator.apache.org%3E.How has the community developed since the last report?. 2 Google Summer of Code students have been active over the summer with. strong guidance from mentors and getting pull requests merged. However the rest of the community has been very quiet and not. commented much on the GSOC progress or pull requests.How has the project developed since the last report?. Good progress from GSOC students, which code bases are now. due a new release to include their changes. Two legacy git repositories were retired to not go through. graduation (INFRA-16698. There is not much outstanding towards graduation, except. re-engaging the PMC members. We will have to admit we are a slow project, which is. OK (many Apache projects are), yet still there seems. to be some kind of incubator fatigue - for. instance no-one else picked up the job of doing this. report although prompted to do so by a mentor.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other: PPMC dormant?.Date of last release:. 2018-01-18.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-02-26 (PPMC.Signed-off-by:. (taverna) Andy Seaborne. Comments:. The PPMC needs to work on a graduation plan. Graduation should. not be a major task for Taverna but it does need doing. (taverna) Daniel J Debrunner. Comments:. (taverna) Marlon Pierce. Comments:. (taverna) Stian Soiland-Reyes. Comments:. GSOC activity may have taken focus from work. towards graduation in this period. (taverna) Suresh Marru. Comments:. (taverna) Suresh Srinivas. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.