apache carbondata is an indexed columnar data format for fast analytics on big data platform, eg.Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, etc.CarbonData has been incubating since, 2016-06-02.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Already finished 4 apache releases and all driven by different release. managers. . 2. The community is growing well: . a. There are more than 60+ contributors from different organizations,. increasing the diversity. . b. Increased mailing list activity, the solutions be discussed by. mailing list and users can get efficient helps to quickly solve. their issues by mailing list. 3. Finish all INFRA built: github, CI, website, Cwiki and so on. We think we are very close to the graduation and we are focused on the. last steps for the graduation.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. - Increased mailing list activity: solutions be discussed and decided in. mailing list. - More than 20+ new contributors from different organizations since. November. - Organized two meetup, the attendees was more than 100+. - There are more than 10+ organizations decided to use Apache CarbonData. and 6 of them already formally deployed in business system.How has the project developed since the last report?. - Since November 1,306 issues+ have been reported on JIRA site and 294. have been resolved or closed. Since November 1,282+ pull requests have. been created and 268+ pull requests have been closed. . - Finished a new release 1.0.0, which improved the ecosystem integration. with Apache Hadoop,Apache Spark,Apache Flink. - Created Jenkins CI and Travis CI. - Created the website: http://carbondata.incubator.apache.org. - Finished podling suitable names search, and the name of "Apache. CarbonData" got approved. https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/PODLINGNAMESEARCH-117.Date of last release:. 2017-01-29.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. We elected Kumar Vishal as new committer on 2016-10-15. We are voting a new Committer(He xiaoqiao) on the private mailing list.Signed-off-by:. (carbondata) Henry Saputra. (carbondata) Jean-Baptiste Onofre. (carbondata) Uma Maheswara Rao G.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Drew Farris (shepherd):. Two mentors active on the mailing lists. Healthy community activity and . progress over the last month.