Stonehenge has been incubating since December 2008 Stonehenge a set of example applications for Service Oriented Architecture that spans languages and platforms and demonstrates best practices and interoperability by using currently defined W3C OASIS standard protocols.Since the last report in April, the Stonehenge project has gained tremendous sustained momentum over releasing Milestone 1 (M1) and starting Milestone 2 (M2 The community has gone through many discussions defining and refining features for the .NET StockTrader, Axis2/Java StockTrader, WSF/PHP StockTrader, and the new Glassfish/Metro based StockTrader from SUN. Two of them were demonstrated in the Microsoft Keynote at JavaOne.A detailed update:.Admin: The community has gone through a release iteration, learning the various Apache guidelines for managing a release. After 3 iterations of review by the incubator-general list, M1 released on June 4th.Community: About 8 new developers have joined, three of them have been nominated to and granted committer status based on a community vote. Their contributions have been instrumental in advancing M1 and M2. In the last couple of weeks various graduate students from University of Pennsylvania joined the community and are exploring ways to contribute to the Java stacks.M1: The community has identified and resolved 34 JIRA issues towards the first release. The M1 release was accompanied by detailed documentation allowing any external developer to download and configure the various implementations of the StockTrader application, and demonstrate interoperability between the various platforms. The Stonehenge project was well received at JavaOne and had positive mentions in the press. The Glassfish/Metro based Stocktrader was contributed towards the end of M1. It is currently being moved to trunk in M2.M2: An extensive discussion ensued about the various security feature and scenarios to implement as an extension for the StockTrader applications. The community identified which features of the various security web services specs implemented by each platform can be used in M2. An overall spec was approved on the list by the respective members of each platform. Currently there are 17 JIRA issues marked as M2.Graduation map: 1- M1 release: done 2- M2: IN the April report, M2 was described as "Another iteration of improvements for StockTrader would constitute the second release (M2)". M2 now is clearly defined as extending security features in StockTrader, development is well on track for a release in Sept. 3- M3: In the April report, M3 was described as "A third release would be either adding more interop functionality to StockTrader, or implementing a new sample application". M3 is not discussed yet, however with the momentum we have we might prefer to execute it after graduation.Given the M1 and M2 momentum, we believe we are very close to graduation requirements. The only issues left before graduation is completing M2, along with the needed documentation to demonstrate interoperability between the stacks.[1] http://wiki.apache.org/incubator/August2009.Signed off by: Abu Obeida Bakhach (AbuB), Paul Fremantle.IPMC comments:.jukka: Note that reaching technical milestones is not relevant to graduation.