Big Data Machine Learning in SQL for Data Scientists.MADlib has been incubating since 2015-09-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Produce a first Apache (incubating) release. 2. Expand the community, increase dev list activity and add new. committers/pmc members. 3. Execute and manage the project according to governance model required. by the "Apache Way”.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. Second community call held 12/18/15. On the call Roman suggested that. the MADlib community do a 1.9 alpha release in the near term. There. was general agreement and this is planned for January. A Release. Manager has not yet been identified. 2. Material technical conversations on dev mailing lists and in the. appropriate JIRAs. E.g., 51 emails on dev in Dec. 3. One new committer has been proposed and voting is under way on the. private mailing list. 4. Two comprehensive proposals were posted to the dev mailing list from. community members. One relates to the addition of geographically. weighted regression (GWR) algorithms. The second involves Bayesian. analysis of binomial response models for MPP databases, which makes. extensive use of MADlib’s new matrix operations. Both proposals are. under active discussion on the mailing list currently. 5. We have been accepted to present a full talk at FOSDEM 2016/Brussels in. the HPC, Big Data & Data Science Devroom on Jan 31. The title of the. talk is: "MADlib: Distributed In-Database Machine Learning for Fun and. Profit".How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. 5 JIRAs created and 4 resolved in last 30 days. 2. A SQL API guide has been added to the the MADlib wiki. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MADLIB/SQL+API+Guide.Date of last release:. No release yet.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. One new committer has been proposed and voting is under way on the private. mailing list.Signed-off-by:. (madlib) Konstantin Boudnik. (madlib) Ted Dunning. (madlib) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.