Big Data Machine Learning in SQL for Data Scientists.MADlib has been incubating since 2015-09-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Continue to produce regular Apache (incubating) releases. 2. Expand the community, increase dev list activity and add new. contributors. 3. Execute and manage the project according to governance model required. by the "Apache Way”.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. Held three community calls in Q1 2016. Each call featured a different. member of the Apache MADlib community presenting on a topic of interest. to them: . Jan 15th - Bayesian Analysis of Binomial Response Models on MPP. Databases (Gautam Muralidhar Feb 16th - An Overview of GWR Analysis of Spatial Data (Chenliang. Wang 	 Mar 16th - MADlib on PostgreSQL and PGXN (AJ Welch 2. One new committer has been added to the project (Xiaocheng Tang 3. Presentation of Apache MADlib at FOSDEM’16 in Brussels (Frank. McQuillan 4. Material technical conversations on dev mailing lists and in the. appropriate JIRAs (e.g., 111 emails on dev@ mailing list in Feb 5. Several Google Summer of Code (GSoC) candidates have expressed interest. in working on MADlib projects via dev@ mailing list.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. 1st ASF release MADlib v1.9alpha on 3/11/16 which was intended to clear. all potential IP issues in the code base and make it legally ready to. be adopted by the community. 2. 2nd ASF release MADlib v1.9 is currently in IPMC voting as of this. writing on 4/6/16. The goal of this 2nd release is general. availability of MADlib v1.9 for community use. 3. Some features in the latest release: path functions, support vector. machines, advanced matrix operations, covariance matrix, proportion of. variance for PCA, support for Apache HAWQ (incubating) 2.0. 4. 15 JIRAs created and 27 resolved in last 30 days.Date of last release:. Apache MADlib (incubating) v1.9alpha on 3/11/16.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Xiaocheng Tang on 1/14/16.Signed-off-by:. (madlib) Konstantin Boudnik. (madlib) Ted Dunning. (madlib) Roman Shaposhnik.