Spark is an open source system for fast and flexible large-scale data.analysis. Spark provides a general purpose runtime that supports low-latency.execution in several forms.Spark has been incubating since 2013-06-19.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make a first Apache release (we're in the final stages of this 2. Move JIRA over to Apache (https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/INFRA-6419 3. Move development to Apache repo (in progress.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We still need some help importing our JIRA, though Michael Joyce and INFRA. have looked into it (see http://s.apache.org/fi>.How has the community developed since the last report?. We're continuing to get a lot of great contributions to Spark. UC Berkeley. also recently hosted a two-day training on Spark and related technologies. (http://ampcamp.berkeley.edu/3/) that was highly attended -- we sold out at. over 200 on-site attendees, and had 1000+ people watch online. User meetups. included a well-attended meetup on Shark (Hive on Spark) contributions at. Yahoo!.How has the project developed since the last report?. We've made a lot of progress towards a first Apache release of Spark,. including changing the package name to org.apache.spark, documenting the. third-party licenses as required in LICENSE / NOTICE, and updating the. documentation to reflect the transition. This month we've also moved our. website to an apache.org domain (http://spark.incubator.apache.org) and. updated the branding there. Finally, on the code side, we have continued to. make bug fixes and improvements for the 0.8 release. Some recently merged. improvements include simplified packaging and Python API support for. Windows.Date of last release: . No Apache releases yet.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. June 2013.Signed-off-by: . (spark) Chris Mattmann. (spark) Paul Ramirez. (spark) Andrew Hart. (spark) Thomas Dudziak. (spark) Suresh Marru. (spark) Henry Saputra. (spark) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd notes:.