Spark is an open source system for fast and flexible large-scale data.analysis. Spark provides a general purpose runtime that supports.low-latency execution in several forms.Spark has been incubating since 2013-06-19.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Move JIRA over to Apache (still haven't gotten success from INFRA. on this: https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/INFRA-6419 2. Add more committers under Apache process. 3. Make further Apache releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We still need some help importing our JIRA -- see INFRA-6419. For some. reason we've had a lot of trouble with this. It should be easier now. because Apache's JIRA was updated and now matches our version.How has the community developed since the last report?. We made the Spark 0.8.0 release, which was the biggest so far, with 67. developers from 24 organizations contributing. The release shows how far. our community has grown -- our 0.6 release last October had only 17. contributors, and our 0.7 release in February had 31. Most of the. contributors are now external to the original UC Berkeley team.How has the project developed since the last report?. We made the Spark 0.8.0 release mentioned above, which so far seems to. be doing well. It brings a number of deployability features, improved. Python support, and a new standard library for machine learning; see. http://spark.incubator.apache.org/releases/spark-release-0-8-0.html. for what's new in the release.Date of last release:. 2013-09-25.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. June 2013.Signed-off-by:. (spark) Chris Mattmann. (spark) Paul Ramirez. (spark) Andrew Hart. (spark) Thomas Dudziak. (spark) Suresh Marru. (spark) Henry Saputra. (spark) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd notes:. Dave Fisher (wave):. . Very active community on a fast track. Good report. Get your JIRA over. and you are getting close. (Oct. 7. Marvin Humphrey (marvin):. . Report not filed in time for shepherd review.