Spark is an open source system for fast and flexible large-scale data.analysis. Spark provides a general purpose runtime that supports.low-latency execution in several forms.Spark has been incubating since 2013-06-19.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Pretty much the only issue remaining is importing our old JIRA. into Apache (https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/INFRA-6419. Unfortunately, although we've been trying to do this since June,. we haven't had much luck with it, as the INFRA people who tried. to help out have been busy and software version numbers have. often been incompatible (we have a hosted JIRA instance from. Atlassian that they regularly update We believe that there are. some export dumps on that issue that are compatible with the ASF's. current JIRA version, but if we can't get this resolved in the. next 2-3 weeks, we may simply forgo importing our old issues.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. It would be really great to get a contact who can sit down with us. and do the JIRA import. We're not sure who from INFRA leads these. tasks.How has the community developed since the last report?. We made a Spark 0.8.1 release in December, and are working on a new. major release (0.9) this month. We added two new committers, Aaron. Davidson and Kay Ousterhout.How has the project developed since the last report?. We made the Spark 0.8.1 release mentioned above, with a number of. new features detailed at. http://spark.incubator.apache.org/releases/spark-release-0-8-1.html. We also have some exciting features coming up in Spark 0.9, such as. support for Scala 2.10, parallel machine learning libraries in. Python, and improvements to Spark Streaming.Date of last release:. 2013-12-19.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2013-12-30.Signed-off-by:. (spark) Chris Mattmann. (spark) Paul Ramirez. (spark) Andrew Hart. (spark) Thomas Dudziak. (spark) Suresh Marru. (spark) Henry Saputra. (spark) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Alan Cabrera (acabrera):. Seems like a nice active project. IMO, there's no need to wait import. to JIRA to graduate. Seems like they can graduate now.