CMDA provides web services for multi-aspect physics-based and phenomenon-.oriented climate model performance evaluation and diagnosis through the.comprehensive and synergistic use of multiple observational data, reanalysis.data, and model outputs.Climate Model Diagnostic Analyzer has been incubating since 2015-05-08.The achievements in October of 2016 are:. 1. Drafted the Apache CMDA project web page. 2. Developed a mechanism to keep track of user id in each service call. 3. Designed a mechanism to define a workflow, to execute a workflow, to. collect the result and provenance from the workflow execution. .Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. To facilitate workflow scenarios in which a scientist can chain two or. more services;. 2. To develop a suite of science use cases;. 3. To demonstrate the use of provenance in recommendation of data, users,. and services. .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. A climate scientist Frank Lee has joined the project to develop science use. cases. The priority has been shifted to helping him in adding new source. data files and modifying the software to accommodate these new data files.How has the project developed since the last report?. The issues that we found from our 2016 Caltech/JPL climate summer school. have been addressed. Examples are: a mechanism to capture and store user id. for provenance data collection, and removal of some functionalities that. are not meant for users that do not have login accounts on our website.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.Signed-off-by:. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) James W. Carman. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) Chris Mattmann. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) Michael James Joyce. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) Kim Whitehall.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.Chris Mattmann:.I'm worried still about this podling. Discussion seemed to still happen offlist.and to be summarized to the list, instead of actively involving others in the .community. Also, it says the website has been drafted - where is it? Where are.the corresponding JIRA issues? Where are the public discussions about the site. .The podling is/was on a short leash since the [DISCUSS] Retirement vote. I'd say.give it one more month, and would appreciate others chiming in here. The other.thing I'd say is that there is definitely mentor attrition here. I don't think we.have enough active mentors reinforcing and sending the message (myself includedday to day. It's definitely more reactive now than proactive. The podling could use.some help in that area.