CMDA provides web services for multi-aspect physics-based and phenomenon-.oriented climate model performance evaluation and diagnosis through the.comprehensive and synergistic use of multiple observational data, reanalysis.data, and model outputs.Climate Model Diagnostic Analyzer has been incubating since 2015-05-08.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Increase email and communication traffic. 2. Build a CMDA website at Apache. 3. Learn more about Apache way.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. The project is still in its nascence and the PPMC is still learning the. Apache way and moving out of JPL/CMU centric development. The project team. wants to do a good job they are just moving along slowly.How has the community developed since the last report?. More commits and code are being done on the Apache Git repo, almost. exclusively. They still come in bulk rather than incrementally. Also. notes from meetings held between JPL and CMU project members are being. flushed to the list to increase awareness and participation.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Deployed to the Amazon Cloud (AWS);. 2. Students from the 2015 JPL center for climate sciences summer school. used the Amazon Cloud deployment for class projects;. 3. New design and implementation of front end web interface for. flexibility and to facilitate provenance;. 4. Acquired new ECMWF data;. 5. Created a knowledge graph based on provenance accumulated from the 2015. Summer School usages;. 6. New services to come soon: Random Forests and Empirical Orthogonal. Function Analysis (EOF. More code is coming. Need to do a website, and start to use. issue tracking, etc.Date of last release:.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.Signed-off-by:. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) James W. Carman. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) Chris Mattmann. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) Michael James Joyce. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) Kim Whitehall. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) Gregory D. Reddin.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. John D. Ament (johndament):. There are a couple of concerns raised in this report, specifically that. ASF infrastructure is not the canonical source of truth for the podling. and limited external participation.