CMDA provides web services for multi-aspect physics-based and phenomenon-.oriented climate model performance evaluation and diagnosis through the.comprehensive and synergistic use of multiple observational data, reanalysis.data, and model outputs.Climate Model Diagnostic Analyzer has been incubating since 2015-05-08.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Moving project communication to the mailing list;. 2. Moving development activities to be owned by Apache;. 3. Working on community building.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.How has the community developed since the last report?. Started using the mailing list dev@cmda.incubator.apache.org. to communicate project development issues;. Created a Docker container that will be used for our future. development as well as deployment vehicle (in progress);. Working on a unified git repository to host both the CMU and. the JPL code bases;.How has the project developed since the last report?. The JPL team developed the following new services:. Time series for multiple datasets. Conditional probability density function calculation. Empirical orthogonal function calculation. Random forest feature importance calculation. Anomaly calculation. The JPL team improved these features:. A new color scheme of data visualization of some services. The URL for a RestFul service call has been constructed. The JPL team is working on. supporting a workflow with CMDA services. identified first examples to. work on. modifying the CMDA services to be “chainable” (callable in a. workflow. The CMU team created a unified github repository that. has both the CMU and JPL code bases. Needs cleanup;. The CMU team created a new Docker container that has. the latest Ubuntu operating system and the run-time. environment for the CMU deployment;. The JPL team installed the run-time environment in. the Docker container for the JPL deployment. An integrated test is pending;. The JPL team acquired a GPU server that will be used. as the testbed for speeding up their web services;.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.Signed-off-by:. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) James W. Carman. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) Chris Mattmann. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) Michael James Joyce. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) Kim Whitehall. (climatemodeldiagnosticanalyzer) Gregory D. Reddin.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Great news! The community wrote the report this month! Thank you to. Lei Pan for pushing forward and I have high hopes over the next few months. we can light a fire under this project.