Airavata is a software toolkit which provides features to compose, manage,.execute, and monitor large scale applications and workflows on computational.resources ranging from local clusters to national grids and computing clouds.Airavata is incubating since May 2011.A list of the three most important issues to address in the move towards.graduation. 1. The documentation is improving but still not par to ease barrier of entry. The code, documentation and JIRA issues have to be efficiently. organized and managed to appeal to wider developer community. 2. Develop a strong community with organizational diversity and well. aligned with existing ASF projects as outlined here:. http://wiki.apache.org/incubator/AiravataProposal#Alignment. 3. Create a regular and predictable release process and schedule.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. The community is very active averaging 150 dev list emails and 75 commits. per month. Airavata community encourages cross pollination with other. Apache projects and also reuses significant number of license compatible. open source libraries. This has helped keep the focus, but delayed the. releases with impasse on legal requirements. The delay in making a release. had lost some developer momentum. The community is not yet significantly diverse but lately the interest is. growing. The project is committed and very supportive to external users and. is putting the effort on increasing diversity. The PMC has discussed few. potential outreach venues and have proposed and engaged with 8 GSoC student. proposals.How has the community developed since the last report?. No new committers or PPMC members elected in the last quarter. Three new. users from the community are very active in the mailing list. Some have. started to send patches and have potential interest. 4 GSoC projects proposed on Airavata have been accepted. The students for. these projects are Hasitha Aravinda, Yaroslav Porshnev, Milinda Pathirage,. and Bhathiya Jayasekara.How has the project developed since the last report?. 0.2-incubating release candidate (skipped 0.1-incubating numbering) was. significantly improved in regards to license and notice complains. The. Community Vote was successful with 5 PPMC and 2 mentor votes. The Vote. in IPMC general list is ongoing. With the delay in release, the community has branched a 0.2 release and. has made significant progress on the trunk. Many features have been added. and ready for successive couple more releases. The community has actively responded to GSoC proposals and student. questions resulting in few quality proposals. Community is voting for a wiki to increase focus on documentation and. tutorial.Signed off by mentor: mattmann, rgardler, ate.