Airavata is a software toolkit which provides features to compose, manage,.execute, and monitor large scale applications and workflows on computational.resources ranging from local clusters to national grids and computing clouds.Airavata is incubating since May 2011.A list of the three most important issues to address in the move towards.graduation. 1. Airavata started to see active contributions from diverse organizations. Thanks to GSoC students, tutorial and outreach events conducted by dev's,. and growing general interest. The community would like to keep this. momentum, and encourage diverse participation and hoping to retain. interest from GSoC students. 2. Create a clear and concise roadmap. 3. Review the architecture and document the findings and improve incumbent. documentation.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. The community was very active this summer with large number of dev list. and code commit email traffic (May: Dev-220, Commit-169;. June: Dev-371, Commit-366; July: Dev-271, Commit-226. Random community members have been proposing new use cases, and filing. feature requests in JIRA, this is a very good sign. Hoping to see some. of them will turn into contributors and then committers.How has the community developed since the last report?. Yes. Shahani Weerawarana from University of Moratuwa, Srilanka. was voted in as a committer and PPMC members based on her contributions. A good number of community members are actively filing JIRA's and some have. started to contribute patches. Some of them seem to be potential commiters. Of the 4 GSoC projects proposed on Airavata 3 students are actively. developing and interacting with community. In addition to GSoC goals,. these students also are actively participating in technical discussions. and reviewing, testing and voting on releases.How has the project developed since the last report?. Within the last quarter the project has made 0.3-incubating and. 0.4-incubating releases.Signed-off-by: mattmann, rgardler, ate, jukka.IPMC comments:. mattmann - project is basically ready to graduate. I am going . to start DISCUSS thread on list post 0.4 final release.