Airavata is a software toolkit which provides features to compose, manage, execute, and monitor large scale applications and workflows on computational resources ranging from local clusters to national grids and computing clouds. Airavata is incubating since May 2011.A list of the three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation. 1. Update web service implementations from XSUL to Axis2. Update security libraries and simplify the build process and provide sample use cases. 2. Package, document and release at least one Apache Incubator release. 3. Develop a strong community with organizational diversity and well aligned with existing ASF projects as outlined here: http://wiki.apache.org/incubator/AiravataProposal#Alignment.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?.No, not at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?.Web designer Barbara Hallock was voted in a commiter and PPMC member for her contributions to the website design, logo and CSS contributions. The website is now live with her contributions. Lahiru Gunathilake an existing apache commiter from Axis2 & QPID projects has made significant contributions and provided 25+ patches to Airavata. He is voted in as a commiter and PPMC member. A new volunteer Patanachai Tangchaisin has been contributing to the various components of the project.How has the project developed since the last report?. Significant progress has been made towards a release. All components are organized within the svn adding project level and module level maven build profiles. Website is updated with documentation for build and eclipse development instructions. The default database in WS-Messenger and XRegistry is changed from mysql to Apache Derby. Derby is integrated as an embedded database to build and deploy as a maven profile. This porting has removed the incompatible license dependency on mysql-connector jar. WS-Messenger module is re-factored, packaged and tested. The messaging system clients are being worked on, this component needs to integrated with rest of the modules. XBaya module is cleaned up of unused legacy code, improved dependency management and simple test cases are tested through.Signed off by mentor: rgardler, ate, mattmann.