DataFu provides a collection of Hadoop MapReduce jobs and functions in.higher level languages based on it to perform data analysis. It provides.functions for common statistics tasks (e.g. quantiles, sampling), PageRank,.stream sessionization, and set and bag operations. DataFu also provides.Hadoop jobs for incremental data processing in MapReduce.DataFu has been incubating since 2014-01-05.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Do first release. 2. Grow user and contributor base. 3. Increased committer activity.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Performing the initial release remains the most important milestone. However, the majority of the known tasks for this have been completed. The remaining tasks are related to documentation. We are able to. generate a signed, versioned source release from the build system.How has the community developed since the last report?. A couple new contributors have submitted patches. One of these has been. committed and the other is nearly ready to be committed.How has the project developed since the last report?. The build system has been updated to provide tasks for generating. signed, versioned source releases. Documentation has been updated as. well with instructions on how to do this. Apache DataFu has been updated to run against Hadoop 2. There was an. issue running the Hourglass integration tests against Hadoop 2, which. had been blocking this update. A couple new patches from two new contributors for Pig UDFs have been. submitted. One of these is an improvement to the HyperLogLog UDF. cardinality estimator that makes it much more efficient. The other is a. helper for getting a tuple out of a bag. A patch has been submitted for a UDF to incrementally process. date-partitioned data in Pig. This provides similar functionality that. is available in Hourglass.Date of last release:. Not yet released.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. November 2014.Signed-off-by:. (datafu) Ashutosh Chauhan. (datafu) Roman Shaposhnik. (datafu) Ted Dunning.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Ted Dunning: . . The generation of signed releases on shared hardware has historically. raised serious security questions from infra. I think that this process. needs to be vetted very carefully.