Pinot is a distributed columnar storage engine that can ingest data in real- time and serve analytical queries at low latency.Pinot has been incubating since 2018-10-17.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Activity on the mailing list. Most of the discussion happens on pinot slack channel.Pinot has close to 200 members on the slack channel. We asked users to join the mailing list but very few did.We are planning to write slack hooks to post discussion summary in the slack channel to the mailing list.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.Most Apache projects have slack channels, is there any effort from IPMC to formally recognize project slack channel as a first-class citizen.If there is any interest, the Pinot Podling can volunteer to drive this effort.How has the community developed since the last report?.The usage of Pinot is growing and we have close to 200 users on slack.Voted Sidd as a new committer.Pinot has close to 100 contributors.How has the project developed since the last report?.100+ commits in the last 3 months.Lots of new features were added and working towards 1.0 release.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.2019-11-22.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2020-01-08.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.No answer.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.No answer.Signed-off-by:. (pinot) Kishore Gopalakrishna.Comments:. (pinot) Olivier Lamy.Comments: what about moving the slack channel to ASF slack?. (pinot) Felix Cheung.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: While Slack its a useful tool it should not replace asynchronous communication. If the project wants to try an experiment please discuss with the incubator to work out the details. Justin Mclean: This report is a bit minimal, and you failed to answer some questions can you please include more detail next time.