Weex is a framework for building Mobile cross-platform high performance UI.Weex has been incubating since 2016-11-30.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Develop more non-Chinese contributors and committers, to bring diversity to the community. 2. Replace Facebook's Yoga(Category X) dependency and release more while in Incubator. 3. Improve the developer's activity in mailing list, more "bad ideas".Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.The community is still learning the Apache Way, we are making progress and need more guidance from Mentors. .An additional active Mentor would be good.How has the community developed since the last report?.• We voted one new committer: wentao shi.• We have encouraged people to discuss more in the JIRA and dev mailing list. There is an obvious growth. 186(110 new issues since the last report) issues have been reported on JIRA, and 93(56 since the last report) of them are resolved or closed. And for dev@ mailing list, more discussions were made in the past quarter. Some of the discussions are about important decisions such as Community building roadmaps, whether to use Github issues, how to develop plugins conveniently, how to replace Facebook/Yoga, whether to create a project channel, etc. More and more non-alibaba and non-Chinese guys were participating in the discussions.• More non-alibaba developers are using Weex and reporting issues, including developers from Tencent, Geekbang, SNDA, etc.• Our Github repo has growth in contributors (135), forks (974), watchers (377) and stars (7108• WebSite Trends Month Active, PV(440482), UV(68347), IP(59082), New .Unique Visitor(36063) , Session(114824.How has the project developed since the last report?.• We have seperated the code for ducumentation & website from main repo to weex-incubator-site, which will be easier to contribute.• 9 authors have pushed 36 commits to master and 36 commits to all branches. The community are intentionally making the committing work more slow and deliberate.• Replacing Facebook's Yoga is nearly done.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-06-08.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.wentao shi, 19 Oct 2017.Signed-off-by:. (weex) Luke Han. Comments:. (weex) Willem Jiang. Comments:. (weex) Stephan Ewen. Comments:. (weex) Raphael Bircher. Comments: