Weex is a framework for building Mobile cross-platform high performance UI.Weex has been incubating since 2016-11-30.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Weex codebase has been migrated to Apache git repo. 2. Weex website has been deployed to https://weex.incubator.apache.org/ in gitpubsub way. 3. Made some guide for users and developers to Apache.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Just a beginning in Apache. 71 stars and 14 forks in our new Apache repo in GitHub. Notice: We have stopped committing code to the old repo since Feb 24 2017 but there are still a lot of activities which need to be migrated here.How has the project developed since the last report?. Weex codebase has been migrated to Apache git repo. Travis-ci enabled for our new repo above. Weex website has been deployed to https://weex.incubator.apache.org/ in gitpubsub way. JIRA & Confluence space ready.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. No.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. No.Signed-off-by:. (weex) Luke Han. Comments:. (weex) Willem Jiang. Comments:. (weex) Stephan Ewen. Comments:. (weex) Niclas Hedhman. Comments: The project from a technical point of view is doing well. I am trying to get the participants really grok TheApacheWay, as there is still too much "corporate think" in the project, and things are done seemingly randomly. The GitHub workflow is also something that I worry about, since it makes the mailing list look like a commit log and not really a community discussion forum. There is some who listens and trying to get their colleagues to understand. This doesn't seem to be a language (Chinese) issue as much as a GitHub culture issue. These guys love GitHub issues and pull requests. But I am hopeful we will get there.