Weex is a framework for building high-performance mobile apps with modern.web development experience.Weex has been incubating since 2016-11-30.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Propose more open discussions in the mailing list, improve the . activity. 2. Establish a regular release schedule and a clear roadmap. 3. Develop more committers and PPMCs, stay focused on the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. Apologize for missing the last podling report. The main reason for it is the PPMC and committers does not pay enough . attention in the mailing list. We have realized this mistake and decide . to take more efforts on building the community. Here are some actions:. 1. Hold meetings regularly among core contributors of Weex and publish . the summary to the mailing list. 2. Take turns on duty for each release and podling reports.How has the community developed since the last report?. Released a new version (v0.19.0) of Weex. . https://lists.apache.org/thread.html/3e7bfe9e3f79a8d4b46dbe668bfb559e4e539.bd7c5f4143107e6af00@%3Cgeneral.incubator.apache.org%3E. Hold a meetup in Shanghai at 2018-09-15, discussed technologies about . the new render pipeline and interactive experience of Weex. Migrate the source code from (git-wip-us.apache.org) to . (gitbox.apache.org) and enabled the issue panel on the GitHub.How has the project developed since the last report?. In average, more than 10 PRs or commits were merged to the main branch . each week. The Github repository now has 162 contributors (8 new since . the last report) and 1451 forks (130 new. Weex has developed a new render pipeline and used it in production, but . it still needs more improvement. A more CSS-friendly Weex Renderer is under discussing, it can fix many . cross-platform inconsistency problems.How would you assess the podling's maturity? Please feel free to add your.own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards the first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of the last release:. 2018-10-08 (v0.19.0.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. New PPMC member: jondong (Jonathan Dong.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Yes, they are helpful, but we still need more active mentors.Signed-off-by:. (Weex) Willem Ning Jiang. Comments: The dev mailing list has 211 subscriptions and there is a . roadmap discussion in the mailing list. We need more mentors for this . project. .IPMC/Shepherd notes:.