Weex is a framework for building Mobile cross-platform high performance UI.Weex has been incubating since 2016-11-30.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Move the whole workflow and infra into Apache (not the codebase only. 2. Develop more contributors and committers. 3. Clear the ICLA issues.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1,510 stars and 229 forks in our new Apache repo in GitHub. 600+ mails in dev channel. Developed one new committer: Yuan Shen.How has the project developed since the last report?. Enhanced accessibility. Supported iPad screen. Supported more features like: "waterfall" component, prefetch,. "expression binding", box-shadow, etc.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release (wip Community building (wip Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. No.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. We invited Yuan Shen as a new committer in 2017-02-23.Signed-off-by:. (weex) Luke Han. Comments:. (weex) Willem Jiang. Comments:. (weex) Stephan Ewen. Comments:. (weex) Niclas Hedhman. Comments: The Shepherd's comments fully resonate with how I feel. The . progress in 'getting it' is slow, and I have also asked privately how . people know what to work on, as I suspect that this is happening at . work, conf calls, or other means. I have been considering asking the . IPMC to put the code repository in read-only to get people to wake up. . There is a release attempt going on right now, and that has triggered a . little bit more open communications, but it is far from acceptable. Dev . work is remarkably strong, but community development is weak, which I . see as signs of a corporate-driven project.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. ptgoetz: The Weex community has shown some friction against adopting the. Apache Way. Luckily there is one highly engaged mentor very actively. nudging the community in the right direction. My concern is that. other mentors have not engaged (no sign-offs to date), and if the. primary mentor disappears for any length of time it could pose a . problem. I'd like to see at least one more engaged mentor for a. podling trying to develop its initial Apache "sea legs.". johndament: The amount of private list email vs dev list email is a bit. concerning. Niclas has been doing a great job helping the . podling move along, but without major changes I suspect . it will be difficult for them to progress forward.