Weex is a framework for building Mobile cross-platform high performance UI.Weex has been incubating since 2016-11-30.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Move the whole workflow and infra into Apache (not the codebase only. 2. Develop more contributors and committers. 3. First Release while in Incubator.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We are worried that only 1 mentor is actively helping us, as this will put. more burden on the rest of the Incubator to approve our releases. Especially, most of active committers are not good at dealing with. license-related problem.How has the community developed since the last report?. We voted in 3 new committer:TianYi Ma, Tancy and HaiBo Song. There are 90+ new forks and 700+ new stars since last report. We have encouraged people to discuss more in the JIRA and dev. mail list. Up to now, 30 issues are reported on JIRA and 25 of them. are resovled. . We have redirect github's mails to the commits mail list to have a . clear overview of our activity in the dev mail list. .How has the project developed since the last report?. We are trying to release 0.12 this month. Both two RCs were failed due. to the license issue. This is major issue of project.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.TianYi Ma, 5 April 2017.Tancy, 18 April 2017.HaiBo Song, 24 April 2017.Signed-off-by:. (weex) Luke Han. Comments:. (weex) Willem Jiang. Comments:. (weex) Stephan Ewen. Comments:. (weex) Niclas Hedhman. Comments: Technical development and sheer momentum is still very high,. and no concerns in that area. The move of GitHUb notifications to. commits@ makes dev@ a more pleasant space. But I still have concerns that. a lot of discussions of what to do happens in office or other channels.