Unomi is a reference implementation of the OASIS Context Server specification.currently being worked on by the OASIS Context Server Technical Committee. It.provides a high-performance user profile and event tracking server.Unomi has been incubating since 2015-10-05.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. During the three last months, we did bunch of bug fixes and we are preparing new maintenance release. We also working on a feature branch with major dependencies update (Apache Karaf 4, .) and refactoring on some Unomi internals (like the tags. 2. If we did good improvements on the user community front, we would like to increase the developer community and see more contributions.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. The user community grew up (according messages and feedback we go We think that we are getting close to graduation and we will define an action plan with the topics to address for this.How has the project developed since the last report?. We are still preparing 1.2.0-incubating. release including more bug fixes. . We also started a 2.0.0-incubating branch with major dependencies update (Apache Karaf 4.x, Elasticsearch 5.x, .) and refactoring of some internals.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2016-10-03.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2017-01-23.Signed-off-by:. (unomi) Bertrand Delacretaz. Comments:. (unomi) Jean-Baptiste Onofre. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament: Just for clarification, Unomi has PPMC members, not a PMC. In addition, their website continues to use the old incubator logo. On the flip side, activity is high on the mailing lists so I'm a bit surprised it took extra effort to get a report submitted. Keep up the activity levels.