Slider is a collection of tools and technologies to package, deploy, and.manage long running applications on Apache Hadoop YARN clusters.Slider has been incubating since 2014-04-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Building a user community. 2. Getting those users to contribute their work back. 3. Improving the application to make it easier to use.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.We're getting some independent users/developers on our list, including some.initial minor contributions and some bug reports. As an example, we have .some contributed logos . which is now going to trigger a competition/vote.for a slider logo.The main external developer adoption is not in actual contributions for the.core slider engine, but from a few people writing slider application-.packages to deploy their own applications. This is a good first step -.we have to work with them to get them through this process, note and .address issues they have -as well as encouraging them to contribute a bit.themselves. There's a tradeoff there: we don't want to dismiss all issues.with "file a patch with the JIRA" -maybe there's an intermediate step of."let's work on this, can you take this branch and verify it works for you?".How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. We're still fast-iterating through releases. 2. We're testing slider against the forthcoming Hadoop 2.5 release, to . help validate that release. 3. We're debating when - in August - to make the leap to only building . against Hadoop 2.6.The switch to 2.6 will mean that this code would be developer only, as it.would only work against non-production Hadoop clusters. Yet we need this .for the forthcoming features: the Credential provider, service registry, .Yarn node labeling and other features we need to integrate with.That's a fairly exclusionary move for potential users: the current plan is.to make a release in sync with Hadoop 2.5, which will be the last Hadoop.2.4/2.5 compatible version. Yet it not only gives us those new features,.it helps tune those features and find bugs in their implementation. As an.example, one fix in Hadoop 2.4 is related to an Application Master failure.and restart problem which we'd found, a problem which, if we'd switched to.Hadoop 2.4-SNAPSHOT earlier, would have been found and fixed in the 2.4 .release.Date of last release:. 2014-07-21.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2014-05.Signed-off-by:. (slider) Arun C Murthy. (slider) Devaraj Das. (slider) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. (slider) Mahadev Konar.