Slider is a collection of tools and technologies to package, deploy, and.manage long running applications on Apache Hadoop YARN clusters.Slider has been incubating since 2014-04-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Apache Slider community/PPMC has voted to move portions of Slider into. Apache Hadoop YARN as modules. It is possible that the remaining pieces. will be moved at a later point in time or become obsolete or evolve to. work closely with YARN. Slider PPMC will decide what makes the most. sense as we progress through this exciting time. 2. Getting more external users. 3. Growth of a diverse set of developers/committers/PMC members is also. crucial towards the final state of Slider.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.The Apache Hadoop YARN community/PMC and Apache Slider community/PPMC.had decided to move portions of Slider into YARN, to make fast and significant.progress on: YARN-4692 - [Umbrella] Simplified and first-class support for.services in YARN. As a result, the Slider Core module (including Application.Master, Client and Java unit tests) has been rolled into an Apache Hadoop.YARN feature branch as a hadoop-yarn-slider-core module.This effort is being captured in: YARN-5079 : Native YARN framework layer.for services. All the migrations are happening in a branch (namely.yarn-native-services) created of off Hadoop trunk. As a result of this,.we are already seeing interest in the Hadoop committers/PMC, who have.started to contribute and submit patches to Slider.In order to support existing users of Slider, and to provide seamless.migration, there will be sufficient overlap between the time when a stable.state of long running services support is available in some future version.of YARN and the time till an independent Slider release is available. The.community/PPMC will also determine the future state of Slider as we.navigate through these changes.The discussions on the Slider and YARN community DLs can be viewed here -.https://s.apache.org/0hoh.https://s.apache.org/MncV.For the benefit of those who would like to use Slider Core from the.Hadoop codebase, but continue to use classic Slider Agent and legacy.app-packages, a new branch (yarn-native-services) has been created.in classic Slider repo. This branch retains only the Agent (python) code.and the App Packages. It adds Slider Core module as a Hadoop.dependency. This allows users to consume the latest of Slider Core.Future classic Slider releases can be made purely off of this branch.Additionally an effort is being made to create an agent-less provider for.legacy app-packages, which could help users to completely migrate to.Hadoop codebase for creating long-running services with Slider. Expectation.from app-package owners would be to make minor modification of their.packages. Primary changes would be to shed the dependency on python.Agent code, effectively making packages much simpler than what they.look like today in classic Slider.How has the project developed since the last report?.There has been fewer bug fixes on the classic Slider side as most of.the focus has been on developing features on native YARN services in.the Hadoop codebase. Work continues on support for complex services.(assemblies) and agent-less applications in Slider. The efforts on Slider.Core will continue in the new services branch created in YARN. Few.key features which were merged to classic Slider as well were -.SLIDER-875 - Ability to create an Uber application package with.capability to deploy and manage as a single business app, and.SLIDER-1107 - Generate app configuration files in AM. Several issues.identified by Coverity scans were resolved as well. Additionally few.patches were contributed by the community fixing functional and.performance issues. Slider community plans to ship a release in the.next quarter with all these features and bug fixes.Date of last release:. 2016-06-28 slider-0.91.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2015-07-07: Yu (Thomas) Liu.Signed-off-by:. (slider) Arun C Murthy. (slider) Devaraj Das. (slider) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. (slider) Mahadev Konar.