Slider is a collection of tools and technologies to package, deploy, and.manage long running applications on Apache Hadoop YARN clusters.Slider has been incubating since 2014-04-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Apache Slider community/PPMC has voted to move portions of Slider into. Apache Hadoop YARN as modules. It is possible that the remaining pieces. will be moved at a later point in time or become obsolete or evolve to. work closely with YARN. Slider PPMC will decide what makes the most. sense as we progress through this exciting time. 2. Getting more external users. 3. Growth of a diverse set of developers/committers/PMC members is also. crucial towards the final state of Slider.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Mailing list activity has been lower due to the bulk of the development. moving to an Apache Hadoop branch. Questions on usage and issues. encountered by end users keep coming at regular intervals, keeping the DL. fairly active.How has the project developed since the last report?. Work continues in parallel on the Apache Hadoop yarn-native-services. branch and on the Slider podling. The bulk of the work has been in. yarn-native-services, while a few Slider patches (related to critical. issues or agent-only issues) have been committed as well.How would you assess the podling's maturity? Please feel free to add your own.commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-03-23 slider-0.92.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2015-07-07: Yu (Thomas) Liu.Signed-off-by:. (slider) Arun C Murthy. Comments:. (slider) Devaraj Das. Comments:. (slider) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. Comments:. (slider) Mahadev Konar. Comments:. (slider) Vinod Kumar Vavilapalli . Comments: Joined as a new mentor while the transition of Slider to Apache. Hadoop project as a sub-module continues. Per feedback on general@, the. community shall work on a concrete plan on how the project's journey in. incubator comes to a close.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament: The IPMC still is looking for clarification on Slider/Hadoop's. relationship. Will follow up.# .Spot.Apache Spot is a solution stack that provides the capability to ingest IT.related telemetry (network flows, domain name service DNS, and proxy server.logs) and provide unsupervised machine learning capabilities to identify.suspicious activity. The information is organized and presented using.operational analytics so that a security analyst can investigate the most.suspicious connections. Apache Spot is built on an open data model using.Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop.Spot has been incubating since 2016-09-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Move infrastructure and development to ASF (code, issues, mailing list,. . 2. Build diverse community. 3. Demonstrate ability to create releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of? Two out of the four mentors are the ones showing the most active.participation and involvement on the project so we need to discuss with IPMC.our options to get the other two replaced.How has the community developed since the last report? By remaking the.Community section on the Project webpage and driving users on Slack to limit.the usage of the same tool just for quick interactions, the traffic over Mail.Lists has increased, we still need to continue driving usage questions to USER.list. A group of Developers from Brazil is coming with a proposal for UX and.UI, based on the merits of the proposal, and the potential that the same has.we have invited them to become Committers on the projects. .The initial purpose of the Project on Network & Security needs to expand the.scope to IT Analytics to cover other uses cases and/or enrich content with.User and Endpoint data. While a normalization framework has been drafted to.what we call Open Data Model we still need more work and contributions on.technical delivery to make it a reality. Contributions to improve the concept.of Ingestion Pipeline & Data Lake are delivered with more cadence, there is a.recognition from Community to normalize data to open the space for other.sources of Ingestion.How has the project developed since the last report? The team has created the.epic on ASF JIRA towards the first Apache release, we’re working now including.the user stories that will be part of release, and doing checks to what can be.delivered before we do the the formal announcement on DEV for the code freeze.Integrations for context enrichment are critical, however also the need of.bringing a plugin manager where does can be handled, the Spec was drafted, and.the team now is finalizing the last Pull requests to begin merging.functionality onto project code. Documentation is an area of focus so from May.to July committers we’ll continue improving & detailing more, architecture.definitions, deployment options, and UI usage sections. As the whole delivery.is concluded we’ll vote for a FAQ section which can be a point of reference.for common issues/situations. Being part of ASF is important Community.requests that project enables integration/consumption of other Apache.projects, one of our DEVOPS committers, for that reason having an API.framework now will open the door for more smooth integrations. .Date of last release: N/A.When were the last committers or PMC members elected? Last committer was.elected on 06/02 .How does the podling rate their own maturity? By know we’re almost ready to do.our first Apache Release which is good, but we still need to mature Community,.the ramping of other Contributors has been slow, we have a strong base of.Consumer positive aspect as it probed consumption, however more Commits from.other interested parties will accelerate functionality delivery.Signed-off-by:. (spot) Jarek Jarcec Cecho. Comments:. (spot) Brock Noland. Comments:. (spot) Andrei Savu. Comments:. (spot) Uma Maheswara Rao G. Comments:.# .Streams.Apache Streams (incubating) unifies a diverse world of digital profiles and.online activities into common formats and vocabularies, and makes these.datasets accessible across a variety of databases, devices, and platforms for.streaming, browsing, search, sharing, and analytics use-cases.Streams has been incubating since 2012-11-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:.1. Community growth and PMC maturity. 2. Demonstrate a consistent release.schedule. 3. Participation of project community within related.standards-bodies and Apache projects.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.The community has completed an internal assessment using the Apache Maturity.Model to identify gaps that should be addressed before graduation.The community is working against a task list of graduation TODOs:.https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/STREAMS/Graduation+TODOs.It is likely that Streams will pursue graduation to TLP during the coming.quarter.How has the community developed since the last report?.Dev List .57 emails sent by 12 people, divided into 20 topics.Web Page .820 Sessions (up ~75%), 508 Users (up ~50%), 1507 Pageviews (up ~30%.Public Slack: apachestreams.slack.com .1202 Messages, 11 Files.Committers Slack: the-asf.slack.com #dev-streams 157 Messages, 3 Files.How has the project developed since the last report?.Source Control .https://github.com/apache/incubator-streams Excluding merges, 4 authors have.pushed 29 commits to master. On master, 165 files have changed and there have.been 5,891 additions and 1,647 deletions.https://github.com/apache/incubator-streams-examples Excluding merges, 3.authors have pushed 4 commits to master. On master, 10 files have changed and.there have been 18 additions and 72 deletions.JIRA.24 issues closed with 0.5-incubating release 7 issues closed after.0.5-incubating release 18 new issues opened this period.Date of last release:.2017-03-20 : 0.5-incubating release.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.2017-04-14: Trevor Grant elected as committer / PPMC member.Signed-off-by:. (streams) Matt Franklin. Comments: The community is small, but diverse and dedicated. I look. forward to seeing them move past the incubator and hopefully continuing. to add new contributors. . (streams) Ate Douma. Comments:. (streams) Suneel Marthi. Comments:.# .Superset.Superset is business intelligence (BI) software that helps modern.organizations visualize and interact with their data. Superset enables users.explore data from a variety of databases, assemble beautiful dashboards and.share their findings. Superset works neatly with all modern SQL-speaking.databases, and integrates with Druid.io to provide real-time, interactive,.blazing fast data access to large datasets.Superset has been incubating since 2017-05-02.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community and enroll new committers. 2. Setup our Git repository and transition our codebase there now that our. contributor CLAs and Airbnb SGA is complete. 3. Move the website to apache.org.Any issues that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board might wish/need to be aware of?.The team is working on finishing up all the items on the Incubation Checklist.We’re working on finding a way to link Jira Issues to GitHub Issues as the.team has a preference for using GitHub Issues for tracking.How has the community developed since the last report?. The mailing lists have been created (dev@superset.incubator.apache.org &. private@superset.incubator.apache.org) and all project communication now. takes place on the mailing list and is open for everyone. Organic growth of our Github contributors (140), forks (1981), watchers. (707) and stars (14 331 Recent talk were given by Maxime Beauchemin at DataEngConf and PlotCon.How has the project developed since the last report?. The team has filed an executed SGA from Airbnb allowing the team to move. forward with migrating the code base to a Git repository on ASF. A JIRA project has been setup for issue tracking. A healthy, constant flow of bug fixes, quality improvements and new. features, take a look at the project’s Pulse on Github for more details.How does the podling rate their own maturity. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release: No official release yet since being voted into Apache.Incubation. (Planning for the first Apache release in Q3, 2017.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected? Project is still.functioning with the initial set of committers.Signed-off-by:. (superset) Ashutosh Chauhan. Comments:. (superset) Luke Han. Comments:. (superset) Jim Jagielski. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Drew Farris (shepherd): Three mentors active on the mailing lists. Incubation. is just getting started. Discussion of SGA, infrastructure setup and. migration of git repo observed.# .Tamaya.Tamaya is a highly flexible configuration solution based on an modular,.extensible and injectable key/value based design, which should provide a.minimal but extendible modern and functional API leveraging SE, ME and EE.environments.Tamaya has been incubating since 2014-11-14.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. finally release 0.3 - RC vote already took place. 2. Release next artifacts after core/API 0.3-incubating is out . 3. graduate.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.We would like to graduate after our new release is out.How has the community developed since the last report?.Many discussions and bug reports were filed in order to see how.microprofile.io discussions match the Tamaya roadmap. In order to prepare for.the new release some people (inactive for quite a while) were moved to the.emeritus section.How has the project developed since the last report?.New homepage is live, release candidates for 0.3-incubating are out. Waiting.to continue with extensions and further development on sandbox modules.How would you assess the podling's maturity? Please feel free to add your own.commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2016-04-06.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.P. Ottlinger at 2016-04-24.Signed-off-by:. (tamaya) John D. Ament. Comments: It's a small and diverse community. They have a little bit to. go before graduation, and need to figure out how to get communicating. more on list. (tamaya) David Blevins. Comments:.# .Taverna.Taverna is a domain-independent suite of tools used to design and execute.data-driven workflows.Taverna has been incubating since 2014-10-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Project maturity evaluation. 2. IP/Licence Review. 3. Graduate!.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.How has the community developed since the last report?. New contributor showing interest (some pull requests and Jira issues Need. to get them engaged also on mailing list. Project activity still slow overall - need more day-to-day encouragement and. follow-up? Suggested weekly telcons.How has the project developed since the last report?. Taverna Mobile Android app (initially a GSOC contribution) has matured and is. ready for its first release. Some bugs raised on the Taverna Server, lacking contributors - need more code. insight from original author?.How would you assess the podling's maturity? Please feel free to add your own.commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.From the recent graduation/IP review it was agreed to skip some of the.auxiliary git repositories from the graduation process (move to GitHub) - but.this has not yet happened.Although the community is ready, we are lacking initiative on the bureaucratic.side and need to push ourselves harder.Date of last release:. 2016-07-01.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2016-10-20 Committer. 2015-12-09 PPMC member.Signed-off-by:. (taverna) Andy Seaborne. Comments:. Taverna has been quiet for 6 months with low activity on the dev@. list. More community building would be valuable for the long-term success. of. the project. (taverna) Stian Soiland-Reyes. Comments:. Project needs to find a daily/weekly rhythm to engage the community. more. This is a general task for the podling PMC, it should not . have to rely on any one particular person. (taverna) Daniel J Debrunner. Comments:. (taverna) Marlon Pierce. Comments:. (taverna) Suresh Marru. Comments:. (taverna) Suresh Srinivas. Comments:.# .Tephra.Tephra is a system for providing globally consistent transactions on top of.Apache HBase and other storage engines.Tephra has been incubating since 2016-03-07.Two most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:.1. Improve community engagement 2. Increase adoption.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.- None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?.- Andreas Neumann talked about Apache Tephra as part of his talk on."Transactions in Hadoop" at ApacheCon BigData North America 2017 in Miami,.Florida, USA.- 2 new subscribers in dev mailing list since the last report.- 4 new JIRAs filed since the last report.- 0 external contributors submitted patches since the last report.- 1 external contributor created a ticket in JIRA since the last report.How has the project developed since the last report?.- Working on 0.13.0-incubating release.- Released 0.12.0-incubating.How would you assess the podling's maturity? Please feel free to add your own.commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2016-05-23.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. None since coming to incubation.Signed-off-by:. (tephra) Alan Gates. Comments:. (tephra) Andrew Purtell. Comments:. (tephra) James Taylor. Comments:. (tephra) Lars Hofhansl. Comments:.# .Toree.Toree provides applications with a mechanism to interactively and remotely.access Apache Spark.Toree has been incubating since 2015-12-02.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. More discussion and engagement on the dev list. 2. Community growth. 3. Continue to make releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. No issues require attention at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. Toree's 0.1.0-incubating release is a good step forward. The first Apache. release is the most difficult, so clearing that hurdle should make further. releases easier. The community has also added a new PPMC member and mentor.How has the project developed since the last report?. Apache Toree 0.1.0-incubating release on 2017-02-21. Apache Toree website updated.How would you assess the podling's maturity? Please feel free to add your own.commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-02-21.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Ryan Blue was added to the PMC on 2017-04-03.Signed-off-by:. (toree) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (toree) Reynold Xin. Comments:. (toree) Hitesh Shah. Comments:. (toree) Julien Le Dem. Comments:. (toree) Ryan Blue. Comments:.# .Trafodion.Apache Trafodion is a webscale SQL-on-Hadoop solution enabling transactional.or operational workloads on Hadoop. Trafodion builds on the scalability,.elasticity, and flexibility of Hadoop. Trafodion extends Hadoop to provide.guaranteed transactional integrity, enabling new kinds of big data.applications to run on Hadoop.Trafodion has been incubating since 2015-05-24.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Develop the community and continue to grow the diversity. 2. Continue the momentum and become more integrated with the. rest of the Apache community. 3. Continue to create software releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Participation in the project remains healthy:. - ML subscriptions public lists: 93 user, 100 dev, 26 code rev, . 39 issues, 32 commits. - ML postings: 81 user (+161%), 349 dev (+27%), 480 coderev (-7%), . 801 issues (-7%), 735 commits (+24% - Twitter: 218 (followers), 72 tweets, 67 likes. We released version 2.1. Release 2.1 triggered the attention of a Gartner analyst. Sandhya Sundaresan stepped down as the Release Manager on 2017-05-08. Ming Liu volunteered on on 2017-05-08 to be the Release Manager . for our next release. We are working towards our next release, 2.2. Sean Broeder gave a talk on Trafodion at the HBase meet up in. San Francisco, hosted by Splice Machine, on 2016-12-08. Peng-Xiang Liu gave a talk on BigData architecture and solution. design with Trafodion at DevEco (www.deveco.io) at the China-. Singapore Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou, China on 2016-12-10. Discussion regarding Readiness to Graduate continues. Diversity continues. to grow.How has the project developed since the last report?. 191 commits from 23 contributors. 117 JIRAs filed and 42 resolved.How would you assess the podling's maturity? Please feel free to add your own.commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-05-01 2.1.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. New PPMC member(s): . Arvind Narain (2017-03-08 Pierre Smits (2017-03-08 New Committer(s):. Yi Zhang (Eason) (2017-03-10.Signed-off-by:. (trafodion) Devaraj Das. Comments:. (trafodion) Enis Söztutar. Comments:. (trafodion) Michael Stack. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament: The podling has confirmed that there is only one active mentor on. the project, needs to be addressed.# .Wave.A wave is a hosted, live, concurrent data structure for rich communication. It.can be used like email, chat, or a document.Wave has been incubating since 2010-12-04.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Appoint members of the PMC. 2. Update release procedure. 3. .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.There were no relevant events regarding the community in this period.How has the project developed since the last report?.A ToDo list of tasks to reach graduation has been set, and some members are.working on it.How would you assess the podling's maturity? Please feel free to add your own.commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. March 2016.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. March 2017.Signed-off-by:. (wave) Upayavira. Comments:. Wave continues as a very small scale project. It hovers just under the. threshold of sufficient. participation for graduation, whilst is too active to argue for. retirement.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament: Considering your comments, are there additional contributors who. you think may make sense to start to invite?. upayavira: perhaps a new mentor might bring something new, but repeated. efforts to draw in new contributors have not brought the kind of interest. the project needs. It remains one active PPMC member below the minimum for. graduation. Any help warmly accepted, even if short term.