Slider is a collection of tools and technologies to package, deploy, and.manage long running applications on Apache Hadoop YARN clusters.Slider has been incubating since 2014-04-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Apache Slider community/PPMC has voted to move portions of Slider into. Apache Hadoop YARN as modules. It is possible that the remaining pieces. will be moved at a later point in time or become obsolete or evolve to. work closely with YARN. Slider PPMC will decide what makes the most. sense as we progress through this exciting time. 2. Getting more external users. 3. Growth of a diverse set of developers/committers/PMC members is also. crucial towards the final state of Slider.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Mailing list activity has been lower due to the bulk of the development. moving to an Apache Hadoop branch. Questions on usage and issues. encountered by end users keep coming at regular intervals, keeping the DL. fairly active.How has the project developed since the last report?. Work continues in parallel on the Apache Hadoop yarn-native-services. branch and on the Slider podling. The bulk of the work has been in. yarn-native-services, while a few Slider patches (related to critical. issues or agent-only issues) have been committed as well.How would you assess the podling's maturity? Please feel free to add your own.commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-03-23 slider-0.92.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2015-07-07: Yu (Thomas) Liu.Signed-off-by:. (slider) Arun C Murthy. Comments:. (slider) Devaraj Das. Comments:. (slider) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. Comments:. (slider) Mahadev Konar. Comments:. (slider) Vinod Kumar Vavilapalli . Comments: More work happening in Apache Hadoop YARN project to finish the module move of Slider but it is opaque. Will prod the community to send periodic dev-list updates demonstrating the current progress in this process.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament: Based on the description, as well as the little bit of information I've been able to get out of the Slider community, it seems that while there is a Slider community they're not actively working on Slider's codebase. My recommendation is probably to retire the Slider community if they cannot be absorbed into the Hadoop TLP.