Slider is a collection of tools and technologies to package, deploy, and.manage long running applications on Apache Hadoop YARN clusters.Slider has been incubating since 2014-04-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Apache Slider community/PPMC has voted to move portions of Slider into. Apache Hadoop YARN as modules. It is possible that the remaining pieces. will be moved at a later point in time or become obsolete or evolve to. work closely with YARN. A vote was initiated in the Apache Hadoop. community to merge all Slider specific changes (now referred to as YARN. Services) from a branch to trunk. Expectation is to make YARN Services. an integral part of Apache Hadoop 3.x release. Few issues were raised. on the changes in the branch, but all have been addressed and a new. vote was initiated on Oct 30, 2017. 2. Getting more external users. 3. Growth of a diverse set of developers/committers/PMC members.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Mailing list activity has been lower due to the bulk of the development. moving to an Apache Hadoop branch. Questions on usage and issues. encountered by end users keep coming at regular intervals, keeping the DL. somewhat active.How has the project developed since the last report?. Work continues in parallel on the Apache Hadoop yarn-native-services. branch and on the Slider podling. The bulk of the work has been in. yarn-native-services. However, quite a few Fortify identified issues,. a new feature for Percentage based Health Monitor support (SLIDER-1246) and. a few Slider patches (related to critical issues or agent-only issues) have. been committed to the Slider podling, since the last report.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-03-23 slider-0.92.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2015-07-07: Yu (Thomas) Liu.Signed-off-by:. (slider) Arun C Murthy. Comments:. (slider) Devaraj Das. Comments:. (slider) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. Comments:. (slider) Mahadev Konar. Comments:. (slider) Vinod Kumar Vavilapalli. Comments: Work happening in Apache Hadoop YARN project has reached a critical milestone - the Apache Hadoop community has voted and Slider functionality is now merged into Apache Hadoop trunk. It is potentially going to be part of the Apache Hadoop 3.1 release. Slider community to summarize this on dev-list and figure out the mechanics of working with Incubator to retire the Slider project and draw plans for hosting old releases, supporting and migrating existing applications etc.