Slider is a collection of tools and technologies to package, deploy, and.manage long running applications on Apache Hadoop YARN clusters.Slider has been incubating since 2014-04-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Building a diverse developer and user community. 2. Achieving broader adoption of the existing code and slider-deployable. applications (examples: HBase, Accumulo 3. Making slider better at deploying other applications, so improving. takeup.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. We're getting more people on the mailing list asking for improvements;. anyone with a patch is being helped to get it in. That builds up the. developer base and is intended to move it from a single team to one. distributed community development. As we grow, we're proposing moving. from a single slider developer list to:a separate user mailing list, and a. third list for the JIRA/svn/git events. This will focus the developer list. around discussion, with a user list to help build that user community. We. do of course expect developers to also subscribe to the user list.How has the project developed since the last report?. We've done a source-only release in November, 0.60.0-incubating, in sync. with features in Hadoop 2.6, with a binary packing version,. 0.61.0-incubating has just been voted for release (3-feb 2015); the. incubator vote is now pending. It was nice to see tests and a vote on the. release from an external user & patch submitter -community engagement. includes things like this. A new release, 0.70 is being created with the release planned. mid-February. This will include improved features and fixes —especially. those reported by users of the 0.60 release. For example, one group wanted. short-lived applications on secure clusters, instances where Slider does. not need to worry about keytab expiry. Another need of people writing. slider-deployed applications was for a placement policy of "only ever ask. for component placement where instances were before"; this is needed for. Kafka. Some of the feature requests are quite "ambitious", especially those. related to deployed components providing information back to the Web/REST. GUIs, and extending the configuration model to include: more. on-target-machine configuration, per-instance configuration and better. strategies for placing components within the YARN cluster. These requests. do represent real needs; even if they are long term features we need to. think about how to get there. We're discussing supplementing the dev@ mailing list with issues@ and. user@ lists; the issues list for all JIRA updates -creation and completion. would still go to the developer list. This is to separate the noise of. JIRA-centric development from a developer list focused on broader. application features and building a community. We don't want to scare. people off from too much JIRA, or worse: lose what they have to say in the. emails. Similarly, the user@ list is where we want to encourage users. The. original rationale for a single list was "one single community. discussion", but it's not clear its worked out that way.Date of last release:. 2014-11: Slider 0.60 (source, against Hadoop 2.6 2015-02: (vote in progress) Slider 0.61.0 (binary, against Hadoop 2.6.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. September 2014, new committer, Gour Saha (works at hortonworks.Signed-off-by:. (slider) Arun C Murthy. (slider) Devaraj Das. (slider) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. (slider) Mahadev Konar.