River is aimed at the development and advancement of the Jini technology core infrastructure Jini technology is a service oriented architecture that defines a programming model which both exploits and extends Java technology to enable the construction of secure, distributed systems which are adaptive to change.In November, Niclas Hedhman stepped up as a new Mentor for the project. He thinks River/Jini is too important to be ignored. This resulted in an extended discussion of what should actually happen with River. Quite a few voices have been heard, BUT most committers are quiet, which is worrying. The things that the vocal people can agree on are probably:.River needs new goals. The community is unable to define a single goal or agree on a couple of them.People should not talk the talk, if they can't walk the walk. The infamous 'itch' is obviously not strong enough in any particular area, not enough low-hanging fruit so to speak. Niclas presented a simple solution; branch trunk and let those who are active to make the structural changes needed for a sustained future. Hopefully, those more experienced will also get excited and help out when they can.Consolidation of external Jini projects. There are many external Jini projects. Some of those provide same or similar solutions. Many in the community think that these should merge, possibly under the River umbrella.But there are many things where there are more opinions than there are people. Right now, we feel that is being a good thing, since it indicates a strong interest in the technology, and the challenge is to funnel this energy into something constructive, with or without the initial committers.All in all, River project is slow, but we think we have a lot of willingness in the user community, and just need the lever to exploit this. The goal for now, up until the next report, is to get us going on Apache River "New Generation", where we indeed shake off the Sun heritage and start moving forward.Incubating since December 2006.