iPMC Reviewers: wrowe, bdelacretaz, yoavs, jimRiver is aimed at the development and advancement of the Jini technology core infrastructure. River entered incubation on Dec 26, 2006.Jini technology is a service oriented architecture that defines a programming model which both exploits and extends Java technology to enable the construction of secure, distributed systems which are adaptive to change.The last artifact, the QA framework, has been voted in and landed in SVN. An automated build environment has been put in place and finally all outstanding issues from the Sun issue tracking system have been manually migrated in a large group effort to JIRA.The River community agreed to do a first release to show the larger Jini community it is serious in its efforts. It ain't a very ambitious release and will be almost an equivalent of the last release done by Sun but includes the ServiceUI code. This release also allows the River community to get acquainted and find out about many of the ASF procedures. No transformation of the.com.sun.jini namespace to org.apache.river will take place, but the River community is aware it has to do that and will find an opportune moment for that during incubation.Perhaps as a side effect of the ambitions for the first release discussions on new functionality don't seem to take off very well, but that time is used to discuss the process the River project believes it needs to establish. Although most committers have expressed their desire to have code-review before code is committed, due to complexity of the codebase and the difficulty to test many aspects properly, it seemed hard to decide to what extent to enforce that. A proposal for the initial process guidelines is up for a vote now that combines RTC for public API and CTR for implementation details.US export regulations apply to the River codebase and although discussed in the very early days we were living under the (wrong) impression that complying with them only applied when we were about to release. We are aware now that we should have taken care of it even before the code landed in SVN and we are going to comply as soon as possible.iPMC Comments:.Good to see the crypto notice issues are being addressed. Since svn will.change only once, but the artifacts can land in many places, it's easiest to.base the notification's location on the svn source and then provide an update.at graduation (when code moves from ./incubator/river -> ./river [wrowe].Curious if it might be confusing to users going from the first to second.milestone release to discover the com.sun. -> org.apache. update? [wrowe].The community should feel free to come up with some combination of CTR and RTC to suit their needs. It's not a one-size-fits-all thing necessarily. [yoavs].