Guacamole is an enterprise-grade, protocol-agnostic, remote desktop gateway.Combined with cloud hosting, Guacamole provides an excellent alternative to.traditional desktops. Guacamole aims to make cloud-hosted desktop access.preferable to traditional, local access.Guacamole has been incubating since 2016-02-10.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finalizing the move to Apache infrastructure. 2. Making the first Guacamole release under the Apache Incubator. 3. Accepting additional committers.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. The PPMC has had difficulty fully engaging mentors to finish the. migration of Apache Guacamole to Apache infrastructure and processes. Though the project has successfully moved to Apache-hosted git. repositories, the processes for importing our existing JIRA issues and. adding our first non-founding committer (Frode Langelo) were stagnated. until very recently.How has the community developed since the last report?. While our community of users continues to grow, this is mainly the. established pattern of growth that existed prior to acceptance in the. Apache Incubator. We are expecting this to change once the Apache. Guacamole website is up, public announcement of the move to the. Incubator is made, and users of the old SourceForge forums are. directed to the mailing lists.How has the project developed since the last report?. The project has accepted its first committer outside the original. founding developers, Frode Langelo, and development has moved onto. Apache-hosted git repositories. Development of new Apache Guacamole. website is nearing completion.Date of last release:. 2015-12-18 (0.9.9, prior to Apache Incubator.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. The most recent committer, Frode Langelo, was accepted into the. project by VOTE on 2016-04-03, with the required ICLA received on. 2016-04-05.Signed-off-by:. (guacamole) Jean-Baptiste Onofre. (guacamole) Daniel Gruno. (guacamole) Olivier Lamy. (guacamole) Jim Jagielski. (guacamole) Greg Trasuk.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Jean-Baptiste Onofre (jbonofre):. . Frode's account should be OK now. For the Jira, the difficulty was that. the project wanted to import existing Jira content. Not sure it's a good. idea as bunch of users don't exist in the Apache Jira and there's lot of. "noise". I would recommend to start by creating the highest priority. tasks and issues in the Apache Jira.