Guacamole is an enterprise-grade, protocol-agnostic, remote desktop gateway.Combined with cloud hosting, Guacamole provides an excellent alternative to.traditional desktops. Guacamole aims to make cloud-hosted desktop access.preferable to traditional, local access.Guacamole has been incubating since 2016-02-10.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Making the first Guacamole release under the Apache Incubator. 2. Encouraging community participation and contribution. 3. Accepting additional committers.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. It is clear that the continuing lack of a release is a major obstacle to. community development, especially given outstanding pull requests which. cannot be merged due to pre-release code freeze. We believe that the source and documentation are finally up-to-date with. respect to Apache and the Incubator, and that we are ready to move forward. with the procedures surrounding the release. Any assistance in navigating. our first release would be greatly appreciated.How has the community developed since the last report?. Community participation has remained roughly the same as last report. Mailing. list participation is active but unchanged. Since last report, we have. received an additional 3 pull requests, and have engaged the contributors for. code review. Code looks good, and response to feedback has been professional,. but merge is blocked until we can get the first release out of the way.How has the project developed since the last report?. All outstanding issues which were aimed at the project's first release. (0.9.10-incubating) have been completed, as have all bugs discovered during. testing. We have made preparatory changes to the project website with the. release in mind. The project's old SourceForge forums have finally been closed, replaced by. the mailing lists. The forums have been left in read-only mode for the sake. of reference, with a stickied announcement notifying users of the move.Date of last release:. 2015-12-18 (0.9.9, prior to Apache Incubator.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. The most recent committer, Frode Langelo, was accepted into the. project by VOTE on 2016-04-03, with the required ICLA received on. 2016-04-05.Signed-off-by:. (guacamole) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. (guacamole) Daniel Gruno. (guacamole) Olivier Lamy. (guacamole) Jim Jagielski. (guacamole) Greg Trasuk.