Guacamole is an enterprise-grade, protocol-agnostic, remote desktop gateway.Combined with cloud hosting, Guacamole provides an excellent alternative to.traditional desktops. Guacamole aims to make cloud-hosted desktop access.preferable to traditional, local access.Guacamole has been incubating since 2016-02-10.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Identifying contributors with merit warranting committership. 2. Engaging mentors to assess podling status and provide guidance. 3. Ensuring mentors are subscribed to the lists and are generally aware of. podling status/activities.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Not at present.How has the community developed since the last report?. Frequency and complexity of contributions seem to be increasing. Community. presence and activity on the mailing lists has also increased due to the. use of Nabble to provide a forum-like interface.How has the project developed since the last report?. The project has succeeded in producing its first release under the. Incubator, 0.9.10-incubating, and the process is already underway for. producing the next, with the IPMC vote for release having been started on. 2017-01-26. With the first release out of the way, development is finally moving. smoothly again. We have adopted a branching workflow which allows. development to continue unhindered, with only the release scope being. frozen.Date of last release:. 2016-12-29 (0.9.10-incubating.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. The most recent committer, Frode Langelo, was accepted into the. project by VOTE on 2016-04-03, with the required ICLA received on. 2016-04-05. As of the VOTE on 2016-12-09, all committers are implicitly members of the. PPMC.Signed-off-by:. (guacamole) Jean-Baptiste Onofre. (guacamole) Daniel Gruno. (guacamole) Olivier Lamy. (guacamole) Jim Jagielski. (guacamole) Greg Trasuk .Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Greg Trasuk:. . Watching the dev list, I've seen good discussions of features and. engagement of users and potential developers. Community seems to be. operating well and making decisions on-list.