Usergrid is Backend-as-a-Service (BaaS) composed of an integrated database.(Cassandra), application layer and client tier with SDKs for developers.Usergrid has been incubating since 2013-10-03.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Obtain Usergrid release 1.0. 2. Resolve relationship with Apache in general. 3. Continue to grow community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.Recently, Usergrid has been through the wars with regards to its.development ethos, entire development process and most importantly.code commit process. The latter has been an issue which resulted in one.particular Apache Member having his account temporarily disabled, and.a new contributor workflow that the project believes does satisfy board.and infrastructure requirements:. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/usergrid/Usergrid+Contribution+Workflow.It has not been an easy month for Usergrid however the community spirit is.higher than it ever has been and the community is in a strong position.to meet Incubator criteria. An extremely positive note here is that.the Usergrid community has been actively expanding throughout the above.process. This is something we can all learn from.How has the community developed since the last report?.The Usergrid community has been growing steadily and very encouragingly.based on community VOTE's. We welcome contributions to Usergrid. Most.importantly, many members of the existing Usergrid PPMC have been.(extremely) actively involved in Usergrid's dissemination and expansion. 74 subscribed to dev@.How has the project developed since the last report?.Many, many commits. Usergrid is very healthy with regards to its.development. What needs to be addressed however is the following:. Resolve commit process. MAJOR. Reflect commit messages to commit@.Date of last release:. Usergrid (incubating) has not made an official release as of date. The. community areactively working towards a release for 1.0.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.Askhat Asanaliev Wed, 23 Apr 2014 16:59:35 GMT.Signed-off-by:. (usergrid) Dave Johnson. (usergrid) Jake Farrell. (usergrid) Jim Jagielski. (usergrid) Lewis John Mcgibbney. (usergrid) Luciano Resende.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.