Apache SIS is a toolkit that spatial information system builders or users.can use to build applications containing location context. This project will.look to store reference implementations of spatial algorithms, utilities,.services, etc. as well as serve as a sandbox to explore new ideas. Further,.the goal is to have Apache SIS grow into a thriving Apache top-level.community, where a host of SIS/GIS related software (OGC datastores, REST-ful.interfaces, data standards, etc.) can grow from and thrive under the.Apache umbrella.SIS was voted into the Incubator by the IPMC on February 21, 2010.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. The plan proposed here: http://s.apache.org/Q2z seems to be going. well and we are happy with the direction the project is headed.Community progress since the last report. No new PPMC members and committers added this quarter.Project progress since last report. Looking at just mailing list activity:. sis-dev: http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/incubator-sis-dev/. went from 9 email messages in January 2012 to 32, 74 and 39 in Feb-April 2012. We are participating pretty actively in GSoC and hoping to get 1 or 2. students who are collaborating with the Apache OODT project as well. for a joint effort. In addition, we've seen some good cross pollination between other (at. the time) incubating projects like Jena and Any23, and TLPs like OODT. In Jena and Any23's case, there are active discussions and work going on. to implement the W3C GeoSPARQL system using Apache SIS. After Andy Seaborne. poked around on the mailing list, Chris Mattmann volunteered to implement. it, and a subsequent thread has ensued. Chris started rolling an RC for Apache SIS 0.2-incubating, but got blocked. on some packaging issues that Kevan Miller identified that needs to be fixed. Shouldn't be too difficult and we hope to have an IPMC VOTE on it within. the next week or so. We have also started to regularly use the project wiki. You can find it. here: https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/SIS/Home. Included on. the wiki are links to all of our Incubator reports, along with 2 tutorials. The first one is a quick start guide that Ross Laidlaw improved and copied. from the SIS README.txt file. The second demonstrates how to get Apache. OODT and SIS connected to dump spatial information out of geolocated files. in Apache OODT and to search them in SIS. Two newcomers to the community, Peter Karich, and Charith Madusanka have been. contributing patches, issues, and working issues within SIS. Peter has been. improving the speed of SIS's Quad Tree implementation, and Charith has been. helping improve our demo.jsp file, our javadocs, and is now working on a GUI. for SIS. SIS is actively being used and piloted by students of Dr. Ellis Horowitz and. Chris Mattmann in USC's CSCI 572: Search Engines and Information Retrieval. class: http://www-scf.usc.edu/~csci572. If we can add some new committers soon (which we expect), roll. 0.2-incubating, and then potentially get an 0.3 shortly thereafter, we. think SIS will be well on its way to graduating and its own project.Signed off by mentor: mattmann, kevan.