Apache SIS is a toolkit that spatial information system builders or users can use to build applications containing location context. This project will look to store reference implementations of spatial algorithms, utilities, services, etc. as well as serve as a sandbox to explore new ideas. Further, the goal is to have Apache SIS grow into a thriving Apache top-level community, where a host of SIS/GIS related software (OGC datastores, REST-ful interfaces, data standards, etc.) can grow from and thrive under the Apache umbrella. Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?.Still slow progress on development. We started a thread here: http://s.apache.org/Q2z.We were discussing the board report and then all of the sudden it turned into a where is.SIS going discussion. We were pretty realistic and discussed whether it made sense to keep.going. The good news was that a few of the community members (Adam Estrada and Luc Maisonobecame out of the wood work and seconded that what we are trying to do is a great idea and.that people would use it. We hope to use this as something to help move us forward.I (Chris Mattmann) care deeply about this project, and will try and step up my development.progress on it. Could still use a few more PPMC members and interested folks though. Community progress since the last report.See above. Project progress since last report.SIS was voted into the Incubator by the IPMC on February 21, 2010.Chris close out a couple JIRA issues, SIS-27 (a fix to the Maven parent pom from Patrick O'Leary), and.a website update (SIS-29) reported by sebb. Other than that, not much development. Here is the current.list of items to work on for 0.2-incubating. I'm going to shoot to close these out over the next 3 months. SIS-28 Create a Layer Service for Google Earth Integration. SIS-13 Change QuadTree Reader/Writer to use URLs instead of String file paths. SIS-11 Basic CLI for SIS. SIS-10 Ability to create SIS data from WKT specs. SIS-9 Allow for multiple spatial reference systems. SIS-8 Build a common SIS data container for spatial data.Signed off by mentor: mattmann, kevan.