iPMC Reviewers: brett, jerenkrantz, yoavs, twlThe Apache Qpid Project provides an open and interoperable, multiple language implementations of the Advanced Messaged Queuing Protocol (AMQP) specification.Date of entry to the Incubator : 2006-09.Top three items to resolve before graduation.Defining a policy for adding new committers 2. Understanding the details between JCP and announce compliance 3. Making sure we are comfortable with the working relationship between Qpid and the AMQP Working Group.Our STATUS file needs to be updated wrt this report and the addition of our new committers.Any legal, cross-project or personal issues that still need to be addressed?.The whole project has not gone through release review and the license files and notices need to be checked for all languages and components.Latest developments.Since entering into incubation we have had one release of the java code base (M1.We have migrated our build system from ant to maven.Development has been moving forward. with improvements in memory footprint management passing the JMS TCK in with the java broker.Addition of .NET client.Contributions from 5+ non committers.Successfully voted to give 3 new committers access rights.Successfully voted to give a new member contributor rights to cwiki.The creation of the first draft of Web site.General progress on all models in the code base.Plans and expectations for the next period?.During the next period we plan on improving the stability of all language variants. Working towards a standard interoperability test suite and improved test code coverage of the whole code base. To this end we would like to get all the languages passing each others tests. We will also be pushing forward official JMS compliance certification for both brokers. Would like to create a release of the full code set.iPMC questions / comments:.Brett: is it 'has now gone through release review', or 'has not' as stated? How was M1 released if license files and notices have not been checked, or has that only been done for Java?.Response by Martin(Qpid PPMC): The M1 release only included the Java code base as a result only the license/notice files for Java were checked. The other language variants are being checked to ensure the correct files are in place for when they are ready to release.