iPMC Reviewers: jimThe Apache Qpid Project provides an open and interoperable, multiple language implementations of the Advanced Messaged Queuing Protocol (AMQP) specification.Date of entry to the Incubator : 2006-09.Top three items to resolve before graduation.None at present, however the project is going to complete the release of M2 before seeking / evaluating graduation readiness.Resolved:.Understanding the details between JCP and announce compliance.Resolution: We don't believe that there is going to be any outcome soon on this issue given the ongoing issues with Apache / JCP. As we pass all the tests in the TCK, the project has concluded to just state that we pass all the tests but not claim compliance until JCP / Apache issues have been resolved.2. Our STATUS file needs to be updated wrt this report and the addition of our new committers.Resolution: Done.3. Making sure we are comfortable with the working relationship between Qpid and the AMQP Working Group.Resolution: A discussion thread has been had on the Qpid dev list to identify any concerns. Some issues where identified with accessing some of the pages of the Working group, no issues where raised about obtaining information / interacting with the WG. These resources incorrectly posted where highlighted to the working group and have been fixed or are being fixed. We the Qpid project will re-check for concerns on the dev list, and make sure all resources required are accessible by all qpid committers on a periodic basis.Any legal, cross-project or personal issues that still need to be.addressed?.The whole project has not gone through release review and the license files and notices need to be checked for all languages and components.This is being done as post of M2, and should be complete in the next few days, M2 took longer than expected to close. The following comments thus carried from last board report.--->.Brett: is it 'has now gone through release review', or 'has not' as stated? How was M1 released if license files and notices have not been checked, or has that only been done for Java?.Response by Martin(Qpid PPMC): The M1 release only included the Java code base as a result only the license/notice files for Java were checked. The other language variants are being checked to ensure the correct files are in place for when they are ready to release.--->.Latest developments.Since entering into incubation we have had one release of the java code base (M1.We have stabilized our M2 release, and will be closing that shortly.We have migrated our java build system from ant to maven.Development has been moving forward. with improvements in memory footprint management passing the JMS TCK in with the java broker.Addition of .NET client.Successfully voted to give 7+ new committers access rights.Successfully voted to give a new member contributor rights to cwiki.The creation of the Web site.General progress on all code bases.Created python test suite.Added Ruby language support.Plans and expectations for the next period?.During the next period we plan on improving the stability of all language variants. Clustering, DTX, 0-10 AMQP for C++, and 0-8 & 0-10 AMQP client support for Java will most likely be the focus of the next period.iPMC questions / comments.