A cloud agnostic library that enables developers to access a variety of.supported cloud providers using one API.jclouds has been incubating since 2013-04-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Garnering additional committers and growing our community. 2. Now that we've been through a first successful release, ensuring that. subsequent releases progress smoothly and can be handled by multiple. members of the community. 3. Agreeing upon a new release schedule and roadmap input gathering strategy. as part of our first major Apache release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. Not at the current time. Feedback on the next release will indicate whether. the work we've done around license headers is sufficient.How has the community developed since the last report?. No changes in committer list. Still plenty of activity from existing. committers as well as submissions from "new faces" across many of the. different jclouds components.How has the project developed since the last report?. A very important milestone: our first Apache release!. First meetup as an incubator project coming up:. http://www.meetup.com/jclouds/events/126378842/.Date of last release:. Jun 19, 2013 (1.6.1-incubating.Signed-off-by:. (jclouds) Brian McCallister. (jclouds) Tom White. (jclouds) Henning Schmiedehausen. (jclouds) David Nalley. (jclouds) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. (jclouds) Mohammad Nour El-Din. (jclouds) Olivier Lamy. (jclouds) Tomaz Muraus. (jclouds) Suresh Marru. (jclouds) Carlos Sanchez.Shepherd notes:. adc: I think this podling is good to go as far as activity and community. diversity goes. It's hard to discover what their real status since they've. neglected to keep http://incubator.apache.org/projects/jclouds.html up to. date, but it seems to me that none of the issues listed above are a barrier. to their graduation. It's troubling to see "THE JCLOUDS LOGO IS TRADEMARK OF JCLOUDS, INC." on. the Apache JClouds incubator home page. Either the trademark should be. assigned to the ASF or it should be removed altogether.