Apache Daffodil is an implementation of the Data Format Description Language.(DFDL) used to convert between fixed format data and XML/JSON.Daffodil has been incubating since 2017-08-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. obtaining SGAs. 2. establishing new apache-centric infrastructure. 3. broadening base of contributors.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.- Only that chasing the SGAs down is going to take some time, though.this may be typical.How has the community developed since the last report?.- Users:.(1) The Open Grid Forum's DFDL workgroup mailing list has had inquiries.and questions about Daffodil - using it and creating DFDL schemas.We will start redirecting such to our incubator users mailing list,.as soon as we're ready.(2) A large software company has demonstrated a prototype integration of.Daffodil into their commercial product. Of note: they did this without.any support contact to Daffodil developers.- Developers/Contributors: One new outside developer has been setup, and has.started a project modifying the Daffodil code-base. This is still in the pre-Apache.context, and we've no idea if they'll want to contribute back. But it does show.both interest and that the technical barriers to entry for new developers to be.productive are surmountable.How has the project developed since the last report?.- A final consistent release/build of the legacy (pre-Apache) code-base.is over, all project efforts going forward can be Apache focused.once we have infrastructure setup.- Progress is being made on obtaining the individual and organizational.SGAs.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. (none yet) XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.- No changes yet - same as at our project incubator inception.Signed-off-by:. (daffodil) John D. Ament. Comments: Podling is still bootstrapping, looking for some feedback from legal on approaches due to public sector relationship. (daffodil) David Fisher. Comments:.