Apache Daffodil is an implementation of the Data Format Description.Language (DFDL) used to convert between fixed format data and.XML/JSON.Daffodil has been incubating since 2017-08-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Increase community growth and participation. 2. Establish a frequent release schedule. 3. Work with other Apache projects where Daffodil could provided extra. functionality.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. - None, though an extra mentor would be beneficial. We currently only. have 2 mentors.How has the community developed since the last report?. - A couple questions were asked and answered on StackOverflow on. DFDL schema development using Daffodil. - Increased activity on the users@ mailing list from 4. non-committers, with topics such as potential bugs and DFDL schema. design best practices. - Mike Beckerle gave a Daffodil talk at ApacheCon Montreal. - Steve Lawrence gave a Daffodil talk at a local Meetup. - Mike Beckerle is scheduled to give a talk at a local Meetup in. December. - Steve Lawrence submitted a talk to the Apache Roadshow in DC,. which is now postponed. - Created a logo and twitter account: @ApacheDaffodil. - Updated Apache Spark integration, will be presented at a Meetup. for feedback and potential community growth. - Updated Apache NiFi integration and created a pull request with. Apache NiFi. Received positive feedback.How has the project developed since the last report?. - 22 commits from 4 different developers. - 25 issues created, 46 issues resolved.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-09-05.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. - None, same as project incubation.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. - No issues.Signed-off-by:. (daffodil) John D. Ament. Comments:. (daffodil) David Fisher. Comments: I'm seeing good user discussions about features and how to . use Daffodil. I'd like to see more on how to develop.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.