Apache Daffodil is an implementation of the Data Format Description.Language (DFDL) used to convert between fixed format data and.XML/JSON.Daffodil has been incubating since 2017-08-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:.1. Increase community growth and participation.2. Establish a frequent release schedule.3. Work with other Apache projects where Daffodil could provide. extra functionality.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. - None.How has the community developed since the last report?. - A user is developing a DFDL/Daffodil class, leading to many good. discussions on the users@ mailing list. - Apache PLC4X has developed a DFDL schema and used Daffodil as a. means to parse Industrial IoT data. - Continued discussions and investigations to integrate Daffodil. with Apache NiFi. - Mike Beckerle gave a talk at a local Meetup in December, leading. to some discussions on the users@ list. - Steve Lawrence is scheduled to give a talk at the Apache Roadshow. in DC, March 25. - Contributions made from two first time Daffodil contributors.How has the project developed since the last report?. - 44 commits from 5 different developers. - 62 issues created, 57 issues resolved.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2019-02-26.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. - None, same as project incubation.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. - We have one inactive mentor, but the addition of a new mentor. should help with that.Signed-off-by:. (daffodil) John D. Ament. Comments:. (daffodil) David Fisher. Comments: The project is doing well with the code and helping users. Focus on community growth is now required. Thank you CDutz for . mentoring!. (daffodil) Christofer Dutz. Comments: Just started out being a mentor for Daffodil a week ago .IPMC/Shepherd notes:.