Apache Daffodil is an implementation of the Data Format Description.Language (DFDL) used to convert between fixed format data and XML/JSON.Daffodil has been incubating since 2017-08-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Obtain remaining SGA from NCSA. 2. First release as an Apache Incubator. 3. Broadening base of contributors and building the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.- None.How has the community developed since the last report?.- No additional committers or community growth, however activity on the. dev@daffodil list has increased, with multiple design discussions,. code reviews, and project discussions taking place.How has the project developed since the last report?.- All tickets from the old JIRA system were successfully transferred to. ASF JIRA.- IBM has submitted their SGA. We are now only waiting on an SGA from. NCSA, who we believe is very close to submission. Once that is in, we. believe all necessary SGA's and CLA's will have been submitted and we. can begin the process of relicensing the Daffodil codebase to Apache. v2 and switching the package namespace to org.apache.daffodil.- Development pace has increased, with multiple issues, commits, and. pull requests having gone through the new Daffodil Code Contributor. Workflow.- Continuous integration has been enabled via TravisCI GitHub. Integration.- Migrated repository to GitBox.- A website has been developed based on the Apache Incubator Website. template. Still need to enable automatic building/publishing--. manually publishing for now.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:.- None.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.- None, same as project incubator inception.Signed-off-by:. (daffodil) John D. Ament. Comments: Solid on list communication. Waiting on SGAs to be processed to relicense the code. Podling executed a non-ASF release in the interim. (daffodil) David Fisher. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Drew Farris (shepherd): Both mentors active on the mailing list. Project is still getting set up yet showing healthy mailing list activity.