Apache Daffodil is an implementation of the Data Format Description Language.(DFDL) used to convert between fixed format data and XML/JSON.Daffodil has been incubating since 2017-08-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Complete first Apache release as an Incubator. 2. Broaden base of contributors and build the community (e.g. work with. other Apache projects where Daffodil could provide extra functionality 3. Improve documentation on setting up a development environment to ease the. addition of new developers.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.- Outstanding legal issue regarding Open Grid Forum document inclusion in. Daffodil (LEGAL-369.How has the community developed since the last report?.- No new committers. However, we have had activity from a couple outside users. on the mailing lists asking about Daffodil capabilities/usage.How has the project developed since the last report?.- All SGA/CLAs have been submitted (from Tresys, IBM, and NCSA), all code. relicensed to ASF, and package namespace switched to org.apache.daffodil.- Development pace has continued without any notable issues.- The first release candidate was created in February 2018. However, bugs were. found that required an rc2 release. Those issues were resolved, but issues. related to the LICENSE and NOTICE files were raised in the rc2 release vote. This is expected to require an rc3 release, planned to start voting in early. March.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-09-06 - 2.0.0 (pre-Apache release.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.- None, same as project incubation.Signed-off-by:. (daffodil) John D. Ament. Comments: Project is moving in the right direction, and aiming for their first ASF release. (daffodil) David Fisher. Comments:.