NiFi is a dataflow system based on the concepts of flow-based programming.NiFi has been incubating since 2014-11-24.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Produce an initial release. 2. Grow our community beyond the initial set of committers. 3. Establish rhythm for releases, review processes, and document how to. most effectively bring on new committers.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Nothing we wish to raise at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. The dev mailing list has picked up 20 new e-mails since the last report. and is now at 62 (commits has grown to 25. At the suggestion of the community we've adopted a review-then-commit. strategy which is designed to among other things help with community. development. We've received several patches from members outside the initial committer. list including changes which dramatically improved our build process and. provide new extensions.How has the project developed since the last report?. All of our current infrastructure needs are setup and things are working. really well. Our focus now is on working towards our first release which. is 0.0.1 and presently comprised of 85 JIRA issues the vast majority of. which are resolved. We've conducted a thorough review of all source files. to ensure proper license headers/notices/disclaimers are present. We've. completed a thorough review and modification of the overall LICENSE and. NOTICE files in preparation for release. We've conducted the initial. podling name search and submitted the ticket for that analysis to be. verified and confirmed.Date of last release:. N/A.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. We have not grown the official committer list beyond the initial committer. list. Though there are a couple of folks who are committing fairly. consistently now and a new member to join the dev mailing list that is. very promising.Signed-off-by:. (nifi) Billie Rinaldi. (nifi) Arvind Prabhakar. (nifi) Sergio Fernandez. (nifi) Benson Margulies. (nifi) Brock Noland. (nifi) Drew Farris. (nifi) Andrew Purtell.Shepherd notes (Tim Chen):.Project is still setting up and in the early phase. Mailing list and commits are fairly active.