Storm is a distributed, fault-tolerant, and high-performance realtime.computation system that provides strong guarantees on the processing of .data.Storm has been incubating since 2013-09-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. N/A - Storm is ready to graduate.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Both the Storm PPMC and the IPMC have voted to graduate. The graduation. resolution has been sent to the board for approval.How has the community developed since the last report?. The Storm community continues to grow, and the mailing lists are quite. active. We have added 3 additional committers/PPMC members.How has the project developed since the last report?. We have issued one release and are preparing for the next release.Date of last release:. 2014-06-24.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2014-08-26.Signed-off-by:. (storm) Ted Dunning. (storm) Arvind Prabhakar. (storm) Devaraj Das. (storm) Matt Franklin. (storm) Benjamin Hindman.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.-------------------.Wave.A wave is a hosted, live, concurrent data structure for rich communication. .It can be used like email, chat, or a document.Wave has been incubating since 2010-12-04.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make a release. 2. Grow community. 3. Develop new feature/fix bugs.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.A new committer joined us. There has been increased activity from existing .members, and we have started receiving patches from a new developer.How has the project developed since the last report?.Work has continued on generating our first release. We are now testing out .RC6 - after RC5 failed due to a couple of missing licenses, and a bug in .the MongoDB implementation. In the mean time, development work on the main .branch has added profiling support, JDK 7 support, Solr as a search backend, .and various bugfixes.Date of last release:. No release yet.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.July 2014 - Andrew Kaplanov.Signed-off-by:. (wave) Christian Grobmeier. (wave) Upayavira.Shepherd/Mentor notes: