Dolphin Scheduler is a distributed and easy-to-expand visual DAG workflow scheduling system dedicated to solving the complex dependencies in data processing, making the scheduling system out of the box for data processing.Dolphin Scheduler has been incubating since 2019-8-29.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.GPL license issue about MySQL.Make first Apache releases.Build the CI/CD process, which will help more developers to participate in the contribution.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.Now there are 30 external contributors on Github besides 8 PPMC members who contributes codes to github.Champion hold a on-line training about Apache release for Developer and Committers.Github stars grew from 1700 to 2291 in September.Over 58 company users is willing to announce that he is using Dolphin Scheduler: https://github.com/apache/incubator-dolphinscheduler/issues/57.How has the project developed since the last report?.Champoin setup project infra and PPMC member learned how to use the infra.Our Apache website is constructed by a contributor name khadgarmage.145 issues created, 55 issues resolved, 85 pull-requests committed.Developers and Contributors are steadily developing the project https://github.com/apache/incubator-dolphinscheduler/issues/690.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup.Date of last release:.None.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-8-29.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Our mentors were amazingly helpful. They setup the project infra and give us a online training about Apache release and help us to join the Apache meetup in Shanghai. We learned a lot from our mentors about Apache Way.Signed-off-by:. (dolphinscheduler) Sheng Wu Comments: Good start for a new project. (dolphinscheduler) ShaoFeng Shi Comments: Good start, keep going!. (dolphinscheduler) Liang Chen Comments:. (dolphinscheduler) Furkan KAMACI Comments:. (dolphinscheduler) Kevin Ratnasekera Comments: Good start indeed. I am happy to see the enthusiasm from community in Apache process.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.