Dolphin Scheduler is a distributed and easy-to-expand visual DAG workflow scheduling system dedicated to solving the complex dependencies in data processing, making the scheduling system out of the box for data processing.Dolphin Scheduler has been incubating since 2019-8-29.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Make first Apache releases (In progressFix the content of official website about Non-ASF release and notice.Make more interactive e-mail discussion besides github, wechat.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.Now there are 42 external contributors besides 8 PPMC members who contributes codes to github.We held a offline Meetup in Shanghai. 5 Speakers (including 4 PPMC member and 1 user) gave their presentation. 30 people came and 10 people online watch the meetup.Github star grew from 2291 to 2648 in October.Over 61 company users is willing to announce that he is using Dolphin Scheduler: https://github.com/apache/incubator-dolphinscheduler/issues/57.How has the project developed since the last report?.Solid Apache verson plan is created and we planed to start a Apahce release in November.Some new important feature developerd by contributor was merge to project(Docker file, S3 support, Flink job support, job import/export, etc.178 issues created，181 PRs merged (from #932 to #1113) .Developers and Contributors are steadily developing the project.https://github.com/apache/incubator-dolphinscheduler/issues/690.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Working towards first release.Date of last release:.None.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-8-29.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes, our mentors noticed some issue of DolphinScheduler and give useful advice to PPMC especially on first Apache version. I want to thank Wusheng for many good advice for community operation and Apache first release.Signed-off-by:. (dolphinscheduler) Sheng Wu.Comments:. (dolphinscheduler) ShaoFeng Shi.Comments: LGTM. (dolphinscheduler) Liang Chen.Comments:. (dolphinscheduler) Furkan KAMACI.Comments:. (dolphinscheduler) Kevin Ratnasekera.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Dave Fisher: A good start. Please listen about labeling of non-Apache Releases. I'd like to see discussion on email threads on dev@ in addition to announcements. Listen to Sheng Wu regarding the branding of Events.