Dolphin Scheduler is a distributed and easy-to-expand visual DAG workflow scheduling system dedicated to solving the complex dependencies in data processing, making the scheduling system out of the box for data processing.Dolphin Scheduler has been incubating since 2019-8-29.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Make first Apache releases. (In voting progressAppeal more users and contributors.Make more interactive e-mail discussion besides github, wechat.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.Now there are 42 external contributors, keep the same as November.2 committers were voted to join Dolphin Scheduler committers group last month, and there is a plan to vote 3-4 more committers next month.131 users subscribed the mail(from 67 subscribers) of dev and dev-notification and we got 113 mails formal discussions（from about 60 mails.There is a plan to hold a co-meetup with Sharding Sphere in Dec, 8th in Beijing.How has the project developed since the last report?.PPMC is voting for an Apache release 1.2.0 on Nov,27,which includes 9 features and 18 enhancements and bug fix.Build a CI/CD base on Github actions.Default DB is changed from MySQL to PostgreSQL.241 issues created，237 PRs merged .How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Working towards first release.Date of last release:.No answer.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-11-11.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes, our mentors help a lot on our first Apache Release, including first time on CI/CD, license check, Apache checklist, and so on. Wu Sheng gave us many useful advice.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Yes, We keep tracking podling's brand / trademarks.Signed-off-by:. (dolphinscheduler) Sheng Wu.Comments: Need more works on working in Apache way, especially remote work mode, mail list discussion and decision. Good start for a new project. Hope they are learning fast. (dolphinscheduler) Liang Chen.Comments:. (dolphinscheduler) Furkan KAMACI.Comments:. (dolphinscheduler) Kevin Ratnasekera.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.