DistributedLog is a high-performance replicated log service. It offers.durability, replication and strong consistency, which provides a fundamental.building block for building reliable distributed systems.DistributedLog has been incubating since 2016-06-24.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1.Continue to grow the community, and increase diversity of community. 2.Improve documentation, including documentation of project and processes. . 3.Successful releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.None. .How has the community developed since the last report?. .1. Increase in contributions from community. . - 8 created and 4 resolved issues in community JIRA in October.2. Lots of engagement on documentation. . - Enhance existing documents, . - Setup guides for developers and committers.3. Increased traffic on the mailing list, in particular, due to committers engaging more actively with contributors. . - we have 35 people subscribed mail list. - 125 messages to distributedlog mail list in October. .How has the project developed since the last report?.1. Documentation has improved for project build and project deployment. Added more information on community page. New added pages:. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/DL/Developer+Guide. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/DL/Committer+Guide.2. Involved more discussion of new ideas and bring in new features. Include major discussions like 'transaction support', 'batch commit', "EventStore" . etc.3. First release expected on November, and repackaging of the project under apache namespace are being discussed.- Pull requests for repackaging.- The major blocker is https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/DL-2. We were expecting to let DL depends on an official bk version.Date of last release:.NA. .When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.NA.Signed-off-by:. (distributedlog) Flavio Junqueira. (distributedlog) Chris Nauroth. (distributedlog) Henry Saputra.