Apache Atlas is a scalable and extensible set of core foundational governance.services that enables enterprises to effectively and efficiently meet their.compliance requirements within Hadoop and allows integration with the complete.enterprise data ecosystem.Atlas has been incubating since 2015-05-05.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Podling name search is pending. 2. Expand the community and add more committers. 3. The upcoming release for Atlas (0.7-incubating) will be nearly 6 months. since the last one. We would like to improve on this by making more. frequent releases, and also encourage the community to discuss in. release roadmaps etc.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No specific issues at this time to report.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. The user/dev community show increasing interests. In the last two. months, the average number of messages has increased to more than 900. messages per month, from an average of 400 per month in the last. report. 2. Around 7 contributors were added, number of contributors is at 49. currently. Community is more widespread with more organizations. participating in the project.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. We are working towards a 0.7-incubating release around the next month. This release will include several new features to make Atlas enterprise. ready including: Authentication and authorization support, High. availability, deeper integrations with other Hadoop components. including Hive, HDFS, Falcon etc., Entity versioning, support for. rolling upgrade, support for creating business taxonomies, enhanced. user interface, better performance etc. 2. There are more strategic contributions coming in to make the system. agnostic to the underlying graph database version, and improve. horizontal scalability. 3. A total of 216 issues were reported between April 1st 2016 and May 30th. 2016. 84 have been resolved in the same time.Date of last release:. 2015-12-31 - 0.6-incubating.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 1. Suma Shivaprasad was added as a PPMC member on 2016-05-03. 2. Hemanth Yamijala was added as a committer on 2016-04-14 and PPMC member. on 2016-04-29.Signed-off-by:. (atlas) Arun Murthy. (atlas) Chris Douglas. (atlas) Jakob Homan. (atlas) Vinod Kumar Vavilapalli.