DLab is a platform for creating self-service, exploratory data science.environments in the cloud using best-of-breed data science tools.DLab has been incubating since 2018-08-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Execute the SGA between EPAM and the ASF so code can be imported. 2. Move bug tracking system including project backlog to Apache issue . tracking system. 3. Work toward an initial Apache release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Nothing at this point of time.How has the community developed since the last report?. We are not at the stage of building community so far.How has the project developed since the last report?. Initial committers have submitted their Apache ICLA, subscribed to all . mailing lists and created Jira accounts. Functionality added:. - Administrative Web UI for roles management. - Fixed libraries installation for RStudio. - Restrict usage of EC2 instances of certain shapes to different groups . of users. - Fixed a bug on MS Azure when instance creation failed because of same . IP allocation to different instances. - Added support of Dex authentication. - Work in progress towards deployment into two VPC’s (SSN and Edge Node . into one VPC, notebooks and computational resources into separate VPC - Work in progress implementing Java libraries support from WebUI.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. This is going to be our first release.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. We are still operating with the set of initial committers.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Mentors were very responsive and provided a good overview of incubation . process in general. Helped a lot providing detailed instructions on how . to get subscribed, submit ICLA application and certainly provided a. vector for next steps. The team has immediate support and can ask for. any questions.Signed-off-by:. (dlab) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments: To give some context regarding the mentor question above,. I'm employed by the same company as the initial committers. and have working with them since before the proposal to. prep them for Apache. Currently we're waiting on the SGA (I'm working on pushing it. through) which is blocking code import. Meanwhile the podling. is starting to use the mailing list and populating JIRA. (dlab) Henry Saputra. Comments:. (dlab) Konstantin I Boudnik. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.