DLab is a platform for creating self-service, exploratory data science environments in the cloud using best-of-breed data science tools.DLab has been incubating since 2018-08-20.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Come up with a new name for DLab.Extend the amount of committers. The plan here is to participate in a number of conferences, starting with ApacheConf in Berlin on October 23, EPAM SEC conference in Gansk on SolutionsHub area.After release 2.2 is made, the team will have to do major refactoring of the code, updating of product documentation, which might potentially slow down the process of releasing version 2.3.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No issues.How has the community developed since the last report?.A new committer is added:.Adams Disturber (Andrii Dumych) Also awaiting for committer Mykola Bodnar, pending account creation. ICLA files are signed off and submitted, waiting for Apache ID to be created.How has the project developed since the last report?.Team is actively working on release 2.2 features. There will be many new features and conceptual changes introduced in upcoming release. We are introducing the concept of projects within DLab, which will allow to control permissions for groups of DLab users, improve collaboration capabilities. Major improvements will be made in terms of GCP platform deployment. GCP will support the majority of the features, currently available in DLab for AWS and Azure Clouds. One of the conceptual features implemented is the ability to provision DLab's self-service noe in k8s and being able to integrate with many identity providers, supporting OAuth2 and SAML2.0 via Keycloak.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Working towards next release. Community building.Date of last release:.2019-15-04.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-20-08.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes, mentors have been helpful and responsive.Signed-off-by:. (dlab) Henry Saputra.Comments:. (dlab) Furkan Kamaci.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.