DLab is a platform for creating self-service, exploratory data science environments in the cloud using best-of-breed data science tools.DLab has been incubating since 2018-08-20.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Come up with a new name for DLab.Extend the amount of committers.After release 2.2 is made, the team will have to do major refactoring of the code, updating of product documentation, which might potentially slow down the process of releasing version 2.3.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No issues.How has the community developed since the last report?.Following committers have been added:.Mykola Bodnar (ICLA file was signed off and submitted in previous Sep 2019 report and Apache ID was created later on September 12th, 2019Dmytro Gnatyshyn.How has the project developed since the last report?.The team has released v.2.2 and now it is working on release v.2.3.Web site was created and moved to apache servers.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.2019-10-12.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.The last committer was elected on December 2, 2019.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes our mentors are super helpful. We do receive answers to all our questions timely. Special thanks for Furkan, who was super helpful and provided the majority of responses.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Out team has finally chosen a name. We'll soon create for a JIRA ticket for Podling name search. If no conflict found (preliminary there are zero conflicts), we'll have to reflect this in our codebase/documentation in upcoming release.Signed-off-by:. (dlab) P. Taylor Goetz.Comments:. (dlab) Henry Saputra.Comments: Will urge the community to decide for new name ASAP. (dlab) Furkan Kamaci.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: Is infra aware there is going to be a name change? It might be best to change name on graduation rather than before. Please discuss with infra first.