 DLab is a platform for creating self-service, exploratory data science.environments in the cloud using best-of-breed data science tools. .DLab has been incubating since 2018-08-20. .Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. . 1. Execute the SGA between EPAM and the ASF so code can be imported. 2. Move bug tracking system including project backlog to Apache issue .tracking system in progress. 3. Work toward an initial Apache release in progress, first release .planned for EOY. .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware .of?. . Nothing at this point of time. .How has the community developed since the last report?. . We are not at the stage of building community so far, but we hosted two . workshops recently and hope to have ˜2 potentials contributors from it. Also we hosted two conferences and hope to have some contributors from it. .How has the project developed since the last report?. . Initial committers have submitted their Apache ICLA, subscribed to all . mailing lists and created. Jira accounts. Functionality added:. · Added support of Java libraries installation. · Added support of Spark configuration from Web UI. · Implemented support for deployment into two VPC’s for AWS version. · Added support for DLab to not use public IP’s for MS Azure. · Redesign of DLab Web UI for roles management in progress. · Update version of Zeppelin/Spark/EMR in progress. · Scheduler in idle time in progress. .How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. . Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:. .Date of last release:. . This is going to be our first release. Target date EOY. .When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. . We are still operating with the set of initial committers. .Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. . Mentors are very helpful and try to resolve any issues immediately. Open issues:. · None of contributors have access to create JIRA SCRUM/Kanban. boards (we have migrated the tickets, but can’t formaly create. a release/sprint.Signed-off-by:. (dlab) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments: . (dlab) Henry Saputra. Comments:. (dlab) Konstantin I Boudnik. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Justin Mclean: Report was submitted past due date, mentors hadn't been. paying attention but should be now, however still missing sign-offs.