DLab is a platform for creating self-service, exploratory data science environments in the cloud using best-of-breed data science tools.DLab has been incubating since 2018-08-20.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Execute the SGA between EPAM and the ASF so code can be imported - done.Complete on-boarding of initial committers - done.Work toward an initial Apache release - release branch created done.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.Not this time.How has the community developed since the last report?.All initial committers have completed on-boarding. Also we've added couple of new contributors (some of them are waiting for PPMC to be created All new contributors are currently onboarding and doing initial work to prove contribution:.Andriy Yatskovets.Kirill Makhonin.Vitalii Solodilov.Dmitriy Karbyshev.Aliaksandr Semianets.Also a few new contributors will start submitting their .icla files soon:.Andrii Dumych.Mykola Bodnar.How has the project developed since the last report?.The team fully switched our work to Apache Infrastructure: JIRA, Git.First release has been made https://github.com/apache/incubator-dlab/releases/tag/2.1-RC2.Team is actively working on release 2.2 features.There will be many new features and conceptual changes introduced in upcoming release. We are introducing a concept of projects within DLab, which will allow to control permissions for groups of Dlab users, improve collaboration capabilities.Major improvements will be made in terms of GCP platform deployment. GCP will support majority of the features, currently available in DLab for AWS and Azure Clouds.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.2019-15-04.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-18-04.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes, mentors have been helpful with onboarding and were providing all answers timely. We just wish the podling report submission process could be supported more timely.Help needed by DLab team from Apache:.We would highly appreciate if following page could start being populated: https://incubator.apache.org/clutch/dlab.html, currently there are many URL’s missing and empty sections.The team can provide all needed information, but unfortunately we don't ability to Edit this page.Signed-off-by:. (dlab) P. Taylor Goetz.Comments:. (dlab) Henry Saputra.Comments:. (dlab) Konstantin I Boudnik.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.