OpenWhisk is an open source, distributed Serverless computing platform able to execute application logic (Actions) in response to events (Triggers) from external sources (Feeds) or HTTP requests governed by conditional logic (Rules It provides a programming environment supported by a REST API-based Command Line Interface (CLI) along with tooling to support packaging and catalog services. Additionally, it now provides options to host the platform components as Docker containers on various Container Frameworks such as Mesos, Kunernetes, and Compose.OpenWhisk has been incubating since 2016-11-23. Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Est. release process for ZIP of source code. 2. Increase additional company and individual Contributors to maintain all project repos. Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. - It had been our intent to have Apache infra. to host our staging (and move it out of disparate private builds within various companies However, INFRA indicates they only typically allocate 1 VM per project for use with demos and minor things. They indicate that perhaps a corporate donation is in order (ala. Spark. - Goal: standup testing resources at Apache and utilize for public CI and performance testing of OpenWhisk on Kubernetes. - Needed resources:. Minimum 5 worker node kubernetes cluster. Each worker nodes can be fairly modest (2-4 virtual cores; 4-8GB of memory - Formal hand-off of OpenWhisk trademark/logo from IBM needs to be executed; need to identify process for this. Discussion started w/ Apache legal via "legal-discuss" mailing list with subject "Trademark handoff for "OpenWhisk" name and logo".How has the community developed since the last report?. - incubator-openwhisk Github stars: 2181 (+253 since last report - incubator-openwhisk GitHub forks: 469 (+52 since last report - dev mailing list activity continues to be active. - The bi-weekly Zoom "Technical Interchange" continues to be well received and attended. - Complete videos posted to OW YouTube channel and detailed notes to our CWIKI. - YouTube Channel: Apache Meetings Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4l9L8wyQlk&list=PLxVTI8yc_iX4qqr_45gduBFQxhSTfJ68g. - CWiki Meeting Notes: OpenWhisk Technical Interchange Meeting Notes: https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/OPENWHISK/OpenWhisk+Technical+Interchange+Meeting+Notes. New Contributors of note (not comprehensive):. - Brendan McAddams: Red Hat: Akka expert working on creating separate Akka dispatchers for CouchDB and Kafka Clients. - Kavitha Vallari Devara: Samsung FaaS team in "Open Service Lab of Convergence Team (SW R&D Center): incubator-openwhisk organizing project directory structure. - Gabriel Nicolas Avellaneda: independent. CLI contributions. - Manjiri Tapaswi: N. Caroline State Univ. (NCSU): Fixed all "good first issues" for "incubator-wskdeploy". - Stig Bakken, Zedge (mobile phone customization), first review of PR in Kube repo.How has the project developed since the last report?. OpenWhisk general developments:. - Reorg. of "core" openwhisk directories to better match architecture. - Removal of openwhisk cli and cli related test cases. - Community agreed to Scala formatting guidelines; re-enforced via github pre-commit hooks. - Focus on improved per-invocation (of Actions) performance via logging and other improvements. - Changed default logging backend from log4j to Logback. - Redis is now optional on deployment. - Support for metrics streaming (via plug-in, default Kamon. - Continued focus in HA/Clustering enablement while continuing to reduce reliance on Ansible for configuration. Work included:. - Enabling Controller HA support (defaults to active cluster of 2. - Enabling CouchDB clustering. - Using ZooKeeper as persistent store for InvokerId assignment. - Adaptive timeouts for controller and nginx. - Programmatic lazy creation of completedN and invokerN topics. - Certificate checking for secure mode. - Now generating maven snapshot artifacts for some sub-projects. - Kubernetes deployment improvements:. - Moved Travis testing to using Minikube & more current Kubernetes version (1.7.4 - Significant progress on supporting deploy of complete OpenWhisk system on Kubernetes, eliminating custom containers, and streamlining deploy process. - Separation of Language runtimes into their own top-level repos. including: docker (SDK) runtime, pythin, nodejs, java, php, swift. - Updates to Akka and focus on improving messaging. - Updates to improve API Gateway resiliency. - Nginx performance improved. - NodeJS 6 upgraded to 6.11.4. - NodeJS 8 support. - Swift 3.1.1 now default, deprecated Swift 3. openwhisk-package-deploy:. - New repo created with proper license, docs, tests, and Travis CI. - New action wskdeploy allows to deploy wskdeploy git repos. - New "managed" sync support. openwhisk-packages-cloudant/couchdb:. - Update to feed action to update trigger config (dbName - Update to feed action to return config and status. openwhisk-packages-kafka:. - New ability for feed action to return config and status. - Update to feed action to update trigger config (topic. openwhisk-packages-alarms:. - New ability for feed action to return config and status. - New alarm trigger type interval. - New alarm trigger type fire once. - New StartDate and stopDate parameters for cron. openwhisk-cli:. - New canonical source after duplication removal from main repo. - New open issues moved from main repo to CLI repo. - New trigger feed lifecycles on `trigger get` and `trigger update`.Significant. discussions (dev list):. - Warm containers. - Are Java actions first class citizens?. - Git commit (accreditation - Moving out runtime images and tests. - Enablement of controller clustering. - Invoker activation queueing proposal. - proposal to remove trigger activations when no rules are matched. - [Scala] code style guideline. - NodeJS 8 support. - Use an explicit property to define type of Whisk entity.How would you assess the podling's maturity? Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Comments:. Need greater variety of contributors and contributing companies.Date of last release:. N/A.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. None during this period.Signed-off-by:. (openwhisk) Felix Meschberger. Comments:. (openwhisk) Isabel Drost-Fromm. Comments:. (openwhisk) Sergio Fernández. Comments:.