OpenWhisk is an open source, distributed Serverless computing platform able .to execute application logic (Actions) in response to events (Triggers) .from external sources (Feeds) or HTTP requests governed by conditional .logic (Rules It provides a programming environment supported by a REST .API-based Command Line Interface (CLI) along with tooling to support .packaging and catalog services. Additionally, it now provides options to .host the platform components as Docker containers on various Container .Frameworks such as Mesos, Kubernetes, and Compose.OpenWhisk has been incubating since 2016-11-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation: . Produce our first source code release under Incubator (automation work . is now complete here https://github.com/apache/incubator-openwhisk-release . We believe that the process to release will be initiated in the next 2 . weeks. Increase contributions to ensure all project repos are maintained. and . address Issue / PR backlog. Close legal transferred of Trademark handoff for "OpenWhisk" name and . logo to ASF.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware .of? . Issue backlog building on incubator-openwhisk is still a major issue . (partly due to #3 above As of this report, the "open" issue backlog is . 365 and open PR is 55. Need to prioritize and work to reduce while . advancing performance/security/deployment issues. Trying to add more active Committers to augment those who have dropped . off in their activity; however, we have reached an impasse where potential . new Contributor pull requests are not getting timely reviews/merges to . provide a resume' for adding to the Committer roles. It seems that Apache Infra. will not provide us servers to host a . staging . environment that would help us perform needed staging testing on Pull . Requests. This means that independent testing needs to be done by members . (companies We have explored a corporate donation as suggested (ala Spark . and SystemML), but this does not seem possible at this time. . Formal hand-off of OpenWhisk trademark/logo from IBM needs to be . executed; need to identify process for this. Discussion started w/ Apache legal via "legal-discuss" mailing list with . subject "Trademark handoff for "OpenWhisk" name and logo". IBM intends to hand-off ownership of trademarks at time of graduation.How has the community developed since the last report? . "dev" mailing list activity has been down with the exception of work . around the new Go language runtime (mostly April It appears that 2Q . conferences may be partly to blame with corporate Committers being . preoccupied. incubator-openwhisk Github stars: 3218 (+341 since last report. incubator-openwhisk GitHub forks: 616 (+72 since last report. Slack community We're ~800 members and it is really active, from both . end users or the project and contributors. The bi-weekly Zoom "Technical Interchange" continues to be well . received and attended. Complete videos posted to OW YouTube channel and detailed . notes to our CWIKI. YouTube Channel: Apache Meetings Playlist . (https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbzgShnQk8F43NKsvEYA1SA. CWiki Meeting Notes: OpenWhisk Technical Interchange Meeting Notes. 2018-05-23 OW Tech Interchange - Meeting Notes. 2018-05-09 OW Tech Interchange - Meeting Notes. 2018-04-25 OW Tech Interchange - Meeting Notes. 2018-04-11 OW Tech Interchange - Meeting Notes. 2018-03-28 OW Tech Interchange - Meeting Notes. 2018-03-14 OW Tech Interchange - Meeting Notes.New Contributors. Moritz Raho: (Adobe) intern, focus on user/dev experience. Nareej: (Adobe) started using OpenWhisk for internal notifications, . looking to become a contrib. Andy Steed (Adobe): starting to work on OW project, getting on-boarded. Dan Klco, comes from Apache Sling looking at OW and Java tooling…. Eric in RTP (IBM) plans to help with runtime work; newer to open source . openwhisk. Justin Halsall (IBM) dev. looking at creating a Ruby runtime. Dominic Kim: (Naver) working for Naver in Korea on their platform using . OW, interested in improving scheduling algorithms. Sam Baxter - no intentions described yet. Tzu Chiao - no intentions described yet.How has the project developed since the last report?.Emphasis on these areas have been featured since last report:. Release process, See incubator-openwhisk-release (code, tools, . documentation), see demo (as of 2/28) on YouTube. Automated and Manual release process complete and documented: . Instructions for Release Managers. 100% of release candidate source code has Apache 2 license headers or . a documented exception as allowed by ASF policy (e.g., simple data or. config files):. See . https://github.com/apache/incubator-openwhisk-release/blob/master/docs/licen.se_compliance.md. Currently, working to assure JDK is configurable for builds. . See PR: Update the document regarding Open JDK and Oracle JDK. Codecov added: codecov coverage badge displayed. Security enhancements. Limit cipher suites used for controller https. Assure nginx verifies upstream ssl certs. Add option to encrypt redis password. CLI "Go client": Changing default namespace from guest to _. Docker runtime/SDK: add openssh client for dockerskeleton. Scalability / Performance. Make REST communication with action containers more robust - Lowered . the time between retries from 100 ms to 10 ms because this shorter time . should be sufficient to have routing available / the target socket . listening. Add build matrix to execute performance tests. Add gatling as performance test suite. Add gatling-throughput test for cold invocations - added a . "ColdBlockingInvokeSimulation". Split test jobs in Travis - improve Travis build performance . (parallelize tests Make limit overcommit relative to the actual cluster size. Augment RuntimeManifest with stem cell configuration per kind. Other Notable discussions/changes/issues/features:. MemoryArtifactStore for unit testing and ArtifactStore SPI Validation. bump reference for NodeJS images, updating NodeJS6 & NodeJS8. Bump nginx version to latest and disable server-side information. Emit activation metadata to Kafka. Update akka to 2.5.12 and akka-http to 10.1.1. Various Vagrant (user, ez-up) fixes, including: increase vagrant . disksize using plugin vagrant-disksize, . Fix vagrant not use runc. . Document updates:. Remove Consul from "The Internal flow of processing" section . diagram in about.md. Create troubleshooting guide for dependency download failures. Fix outdated docs in about.md and actions.md. Runtime updates. NodeJS: update nodejs6 -> 6.14.2, nodejs8 -> 8.11.2. Java: Make AdoptOpenJDK Eclipse OpenJ9 the Java runtime for Java . actions. Swift: Update swift41 to 03-26a - update swift41 snapshot build to . `2018-03-26-a`. How would you assess the podling's maturity? Please feel free to add .your own commentary. . Initial setup. Working towards first release . Community building. Nearing graduation . Other: .Comments:. Need greater variety of contributors and contributing companies.Date of last release: . N/A .When were the last committers or PPMC members elected? . New Committers+PPMC: None. New Committers: Vadim Raskin (2018-04-20), Jason Peterson (2018-04-18.Signed-off-by:. (openwhisk) Isabel Drost-Fromm. Comments:. (openwhisk) Bertrand Delacretaz. Comments:. (openwhisk) Jim Jagielski. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.