OpenWhisk is an open source, distributed Serverless computing platform able.to execute application logic (Actions) in response to events (Triggers) from.external sources (Feeds) or HTTP requests governed by conditional logic.(Rules It provides a programming environment supported by a REST API-based.Command Line Interface (CLI) along with tooling to support packaging and.catalog services.OpenWhisk has been incubating since 2016-11-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Moving github repos under the Apache Github Org (organization move,. repository renames 2. Working to redirect openwhisk.incubator.apache.org to openwhisk.org,. update openwhisk.org to be Apache compliant. 3. Review and update project checklist. http://incubator.apache.org/projects/openwhisk.html. Some items should be mark done (around infra), CLA's have been confirmed. for all Committers. URL/links need to be updated.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. - No issues so far .How has the community developed since the last report?. - All Initial Committers now have ICLA’s and have access to private email. list. - Nearly all pre-Incubator active contributors have signed ICLAs, a few. new contributor ICLAs have been received. - Project GitHub (all repos.) now govern access via 3 “Teams” Committer. (write), Contributor-CLA (read), Contributor (read/default - “dev", “private” email list traffic continues to be healthy; positive. discussion of a few new code feature/change topics. - GitHub project “Stars” = 1024 (a nice binary number), up a couple dozen. from last month .How has the project developed since the last report?. - Updated CONTRIBUTING.md to ref. Apache processes, Added CREDITS.txt to. all repos., in process of changing all code headers to use Apache. approved text. Need to update Travis CI checks to look for new header. (per repo. basis - Confluence WIKI established:. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/OPENWHISK/OpenWhisk+Project+Wiki. - added project overview and contributor/committer role/process. descriptions. - website updates continue, now include “Incubator” disclaimer, working. issues opened by community to list “supporters” and provide a form to. submit to request to be added. - deprecated “whisk” object for Nodejs6 runtime (javascript actions/functions in favor of single dictionary and use of Nodejs. built-in “promises”. - Size limits discussed and being updated for per-request/response for. actions (and sequences) to preserve performance/reliability. - Discussing proposals for the proper use and optimization of KV stores. for configurations information (along with Ansible for deployments - API gateway moved to support LUA as plug-in model, added OAuth support. Client ID/secret validation, Dynamic upstream routing using Redis. - An OpenWhisk plug-in contribution was accepted for the serverless.com. framework. https://serverless.com/blog/openwhisk-integration-with-serverless/ .Date of last release:. - No release yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. - No activity.Signed-off-by:. (openwhisk) Felix Meschberger. (openwhisk) Isabel Drost-Fromm. (openwhisk) Sergio Fernández.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. John D. Ament:. OpenWhisk is our GitHub as master guinea pig. However, they still don't. have source code in our organization. Not sure what we can do to help, or. why that isn't listed as a problem or issue.