DataSketches is an open source, high-performance library of stochastic streaming algorithms commonly called "sketches" in the data sciences Sketches are small, stateful programs that process massive data as a stream and can provide approximate answers, with mathematical guarantees, to computationally difficult queries orders-of-magnitude faster than traditional, exact methods.DataSketches has been incubating since 2019-03-30.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Clearly, the most important issue for us is to add more committers.From the Clutch and Podling Website reports, this is the last major issue for us.We have tried to encourage folks that ask questions or raise issues to get more involved, and we have one or two folks that have expressed interest in submitting PRs or even a new sketch. But, alas, none have followed through, yet.Developing sketch code is very tricky and understanding how these algorithms work, and the math and statistics behind them, is a hurdle for most people. Yet, we have been very clear that we are prepared to train someone to become a committer. All we ask is that the candidate be open to learning about these fascinating algorithms and committed to work with us. We could use some active help from our Mentors or from the Board to help us find someone that would find this work interesting.I am convinced that there are folks in the greater Apache community that would really enjoy working on this library, we just need to discover who they are!.Referring to last month's report, we have made progress in setting up TODO lists on our major sites: Java and C++. And we keep working away at these lists. We have also improved our Downloads page and brought it up to Apache standards. I don't feel these should be issues for graduation.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.The issue mentioned above. We could use some help in finding someone who would find working in the sketching algorithms area really interesting and would want to work with us to become a committer.How has the community developed since the last report?.We have been accepted to present at two conferences this Summer, the USPTO technology conference and the Spark & AI conference.We also have interest from Apache Flink and Apache Impala to integrate sketches into their systems. There has also been interest from Apache Beam, but so far no action.How has the project developed since the last report?.We have done a lot of work making the C++ code more robust and will likely have a major new release of the C++ library before this report is read by the Board. We also in the voting process for a new Java release that cleans up some licensing glitches and fixes a bug found by Druid.Our activity on Slack has increased quite a bit with interesting queries from all over.We also have done a lot of work on the website, adding content and improving navigation. The Community and Downloads pages are all new. Please have a look!.We continue to improve our release process with more guided scripts and fix issues as we discover them.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building -- this is a continuous, on-going effort. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.2020-01-26 Java release 1.2.0-incubating.The Java 1.3.0-incubating release will be out before the Board meeting.A new C++ 2.0.0-incubating release may be out before the Board meeting.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.No new committers since April, 2019.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes. No open issues.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.To the best of our knowledge, yes.Are 3rd parties respecting and correctly using the podlings name and brand?.As far as we know, yes.If not what actions has the PPMC taken to correct this?.We have not had to face this issue yet.Has the VP, Brand approved the project name?.Yes, and it is clearly stated as such on http://incubator.apache.org/projects/datasketches.html.Signed-off-by:. (datasketches) Liang Chen.Comments:. (datasketches) Furkan Kamaci.Comments:. (datasketches) Dave Fisher.Comments:. (datasketches) Evans Ye.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: Perhaps one way of attracting more interest is to have more conversation on the mailing list?.