DataSketches is an open source, high-performance library of stochastic streaming algorithms commonly called "sketches" in the data sciences Sketches are small, stateful programs that process massive data as a stream and can provide approximate answers, with mathematical guarantees, to computationally difficult queries orders-of-magnitude faster than traditional, exact methods.DataSketches has been incubating since 2019-03-30.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Adding more committers. We have just added our first new committer since incubation! We have a few more individuals that have been consistent contributors to the project that we will soon want to go through the new committer election process. This is a big change from our last report where we had no candidates at all.Fill out the Maturity Model.Prepare for Graduation.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.We could use some help in finding people who would find working in the sketching algorithms area really interesting and would want to work with us to become committers.How has the community developed since the last report?.The word is getting out! We presented talks at the USPTO 2020 tech conference and the Spark & AI 2020 conference, mentioned in the last report, with lots of good feedback.We will be co-authors in a tutorial on sketching technology at the upcoming ACM-KDD conference in August with one of the world's leading scientists in streaming algorithms and sketching.We have been invited to give a keynote talk at the upcoming DataCon2020 in Taiwan in early September.We have been accepted for a talk at ApacheCon again this year.We also are seeing a big increase in the number of single PRs coming from a number of different people, especially for our C++ components, which is very good news. This proves that there is growing interest in the project and there are folks out there that want to contribute to the project.How has the project developed since the last report?.See the releases since the last report below.In addition we have made significant improvements to our website thanks to some external contributors!.To the best of our knowledge all of our licensing and website issues have been addressed and have been implemented in formal releases or are in master-branch staging, awaiting the next release.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.2020-07-06 incubating-datasketches-hive 1.1.0.2020-06-19 incubating-datasketches-cpp 2.0.0.2020-05-07 incubating-datasketches-java 1.3.0.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.August, 2020.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes, in general. However, we do have to prod them with reminders to check-off our releases. Our releases have been taking longer and longer to get through the voting process especially when it is in the 2nd IPMC phase. A little help here would be appreciated.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.To the best of our knowledge, yes.Are 3rd parties respecting and correctly using the podlings name and brand?.As far as we know, yes.If not what actions has the PPMC taken to correct this?.We have not had to face this issue yet.Has the VP, Brand approved the project name?.Yes, and it is clearly stated as such on http://incubator.apache.org/projects/datasketches.html.Signed-off-by:. (datasketches) Liang Chen.Comments:. (datasketches) Kenneth Knowles.Comments:. (datasketches) Furkan Kamaci.Comments:. (datasketches) Dave Fisher.Comments:. (datasketches) Evans Ye.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.