DataSketches is an open source, high-performance library of stochastic streaming algorithms commonly called "sketches" in the data sciences Sketches are small, stateful programs that process massive data as a stream and can provide approximate answers, with mathematical guarantees, to computationally difficult queries orders-of-magnitude faster than traditional, exact methods.DataSketches has been incubating since 2019-03-30.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Adding more committers. We added one last quarter and we have a few more individuals that we have been considering.We have created a draft Maturity model, which is undergoing review.Prepare for Graduation. We have a Graduation checklist that we are going through.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.Public presentations since last report:.ACM-KDD conference in August.DataCon2020 in Taiwan in September.ApacheCon 2020 in September.We are seeing increased interest from scientific communities that work with big data and platforms that want to use our code (e.g. Apache Impala.How has the project developed since the last report?.We released a new minor release of C++: 2.1.0.Based on feedback from our community, we are developing a Docker deployable version of our library, which hopefully will be released soon.We are working on a brand new sketch as part of the Quantiles family.To the best of our knowledge all of our licensing and website issues have been addressed and have been implemented in formal releases or are in master-branch staging, awaiting the next release.We are continuing to respond to new user's requests for help.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.2020-06-19 incubating-datasketches-cpp 2.1.0.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2020-08-17 (LDAP create dateHave your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Generally our mentors have been very helpful. However, a little more help from our mentors on timely approval of our releases would be appreciated. Our last release took 18 days to get 3 IPMC members to vote. We don't know what is typical, but this seems a bit long. Please advise.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.To the best of our knowledge, yes.Are 3rd parties respecting and correctly using the podlings name and brand?.As far as we know, yes.If not what actions has the PPMC taken to correct this?.We have not had to face this issue yet.Has the VP, Brand approved the project name?.Yes, and it is clearly stated as such on http://incubator.apache.org/projects/datasketches.html.Signed-off-by:. (datasketches) Furkan Kamaci.Comments:. (datasketches) Evans Ye.Comments:. (datasketches) Dave Fisher.Comments: I think that DataSketches will be ready to graduate at the December Board meeting.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.DolphinScheduler.Dolphin Scheduler is a distributed and easy-to-expand visual DAG workflow scheduling system dedicated to solving the complex dependencies in data processing, making the scheduling system out of the box for data processing.Dolphin Scheduler has been incubating since 2019-8-29.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Guide community to commit code and code review using Apache way.Develop more committers and contributors.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.GitHub code contributors grew from 116 to 136. two new Committers join the community.Hold a co-meetup with Apache Pulsar and 1500+ viewers join the on-line meetup on September, 5.PPMC William Guo Wei share the story about open source on the Apache Local Community Beijing meetup.PPMC William Guo Wei attend the Apache Roadshow-China and give the session about 'how to build the community from 0 to 1'.How has the project developed since the last report?.Maven Plugin 1.0.0 has released.Apache Dolphin Schedule1.3.2 has released and 1.3.3 is ready for releasing.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2020-09-01.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2020-10-27.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Our mentors were very helpful, help us to refine release process and how to release a plug-in.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Yes.Signed-off-by:. (dolphinscheduler) Sheng Wu.Comments:. (dolphinscheduler) Kevin Ratnasekera.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.