DataSketches is an open source, high-performance library of stochastic streaming algorithms commonly called "sketches" in the data sciences Sketches are small, stateful programs that process massive data as a stream and can provide approximate answers, with mathematical guarantees, to computationally difficult queries orders-of-magnitude faster than traditional, exact methods.DataSketches has been incubating since 2019-03-30.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Complete a successful 1st snapshot release of Memory repo to DIST and Nexus. This is a blocking issue.Finish refactoring/snapshot releasing the other repos, which depend on #1.Move, refactor Website.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.For the IPMC: As a newbie podling, my experience so far has been exasperating. Finding how to accomplish key tasks is difficult. The information is spread all over and the essential details of how to actually accomplish tasks are often missing.I have run into multiple roadblocks, especially with regards to permissions. I have to keep filing new tickets with INFRA to setup access to infrastructure and they reply that the Mentors need to do this. When I ask on general@incubator, the replies I get suggest I need to file tickets with INFRA. So I am confused.How has the community developed since the last report?.Not much. I wish I could spend more time on this, but I need to get the migration done.How has the project developed since the last report?.We continue to evolve the project's functionality with commits to our GitHub repos.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release.Date of last release:.No releases yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.At the initial incubation date.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.I have opened INFRA issues that have not yet been addressed and there will be more to come.I could REALLY use some 1:1 help from an experienced release engineer (perhaps from another project),that is very familiar with the Apache/Maven release process and POM to get us off the ground. Once we have created our first release, we can continue from there. But getting this first one is out is turning out to be quite a challenge. I don't think we need more than an hour with an experienced Apache release engineer, our project just isn't that complicated.I haven't heard from any of the mentors for the last week or so, perhaps they are all on vacation.Signed-off-by:.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: Please ask your mentors for help, they can setup most things or direct yo to when you can get help. If your mentors can't help then ask on teh incubator general list.