DataSketches is an open source, high-performance library of stochastic streaming algorithms commonly called "sketches" in the data sciences Sketches are small, stateful programs that process massive data as a stream and can provide approximate answers, with mathematical guarantees, to computationally difficult queries orders-of-magnitude faster than traditional, exact methods.DataSketches has been incubating since 2019-03-30.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Our vote letter on general@ had no responses from anyone (not just IPMC members) for the first 73 hours. After sending a pleading reminder email I finally got 3 +1 binding votes. I'm trying to be polite and not needle folks, but I need guidance on how to get IPMC members' attention. I realize the vote must stay open for at least 72 hours, but having to wait until the last minute get any response is very aggravating. Would it be fair to send out reminder notices on 24 hour intervals?.Continue to perfect the release process.After we get this first release, we need to finish migrating the remaining repos.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.Yes. In addition to #1 above, not all of our Mentors have been involved. Why do Mentors sign up if they do not or cannot mentor?.How has the community developed since the last report?.Not too much at the committer level. We have drawn the interest of a few new scientists in our work, but they did not learn of our work from Apache. It is still very early. I am speaking at ApacheCon In September, hopefully we can attract some interest there. I am hoping to attract some committers.How has the project developed since the last report?.We continue to evolve the project and make commits to the code base. We are also heavily integrated into the Druid platform.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards next release.Date of last release:.2019-08-02 Our First release of our first component! Thanks to: Kenneth Knowles, Furkan Kamaci, Paul King and Justin Mclean for their help.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.When we entered incubation.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Two (of 3) of our Mentors have been responsive when they are not otherwise unavailable (vacation, work, etc.Signed-off-by:. (datasketches) Liang Chen.Comments:. (datasketches) Furkan Kamaci.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: 72 hours is a minimum and a podling may not attract all needed votes in that time. I understand it may be frustrating but remember IPMC member are volunteers and mostly do this work unpaid in their spare time. If you need more Mentors just ask on the incubator general list.