DataSketches is an open source, high-performance library of stochastic streaming algorithms commonly called "sketches" in the data sciences Sketches are small, stateful programs that process massive data as a stream and can provide approximate answers, with mathematical guarantees, to computationally difficult queries orders-of-magnitude faster than traditional, exact methods.DataSketches has been incubating since 2019-03-30.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Finish the transfer and bring-up of our website to github.com/apache/. This is now in process.Team Interactions: We want to have our exchanges on the ASF Slack DataSketches-dev channel posted to our dev@datasketches.a.o list on a daily basis for improved visibility and searchability. We have an open INFRA ticket on this issue. We are searching for a solution to provide more open access to our video conference sessions when we have them. We are in the process of moving more of our interactions into the slack DS-dev channel and dev@ list. This is a culture change for us and will take some getting used to. We clearly want open access to our team discussions.We would like to see a few more folks join our contributors list. We have several folks that have come forward and offered help because they are interested in the project. This is great. It is our hope that they will grow into active contributors.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.We have added 1 new Mentor, Dave Fisher (thank you!) to our project and we have been approached by another Apache member who would also like to be a mentor, and eventually a contributor as well. This is very positive!.How has the project developed since the last report?.We have now managed 7 releases, 6 Java releases and 1 C++ release. We have one more C++ release pending. These are across 6 different components of the DataSketches library. With the last pending C++ release, all of the code components targeted for release will be complete.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2019-10-19 01:55 GMT DataSketches-pig.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Dave Fisher: 16 Sep 2019.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Helpful and responsive, Yes.Having additional mentors has helped the voting move forward more expeditiously!.I want to thank Dave Fisher for jumping in and helping us with a number of issues!.Signed-off-by:. (datasketches) Liang Chen.Comments:. (datasketches) Kenneth Knowles.Comments:. (datasketches) Furkan Kamaci.Comments:. (datasketches) Dave Fisher.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.