DataSketches is an open source, high-performance library of stochastic streaming algorithms commonly called "sketches" in the data sciences Sketches are small, stateful programs that process massive data as a stream and can provide approximate answers, with mathematical guarantees, to computationally difficult queries orders-of-magnitude faster than traditional, exact methods.DataSketches has been incubating since 2019-03-30.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Be more communicative and document our code changes more clearly.We need to have more substantive discussions on dev@ especially about our growing TODO list and how we plan to address them -- create a roadmap as a guide for others to contribute.Find / Attract new code committers outside Yahoo!.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.We are presenting at more conferences which has attracted some interest. We are definitely getting more traffic on our forum, GitHub issues and email lists. We recently added two channels on the-asf@slack: #datasketches and #datasketches-dev. The traffic has been fairly low on Slack as well as the forum. We could do more to publicize the slack channels. I could be optimistic and believe the low traffic is due to the holidays -- or that the code just works :.Nonetheless, the download traffic measured by repository.a.o has grown exponentially since our first Apache release on Sep 23. We are over 1000 unique IPs/ month and had a recent high of 22K downloads/ month. Bear in mind that this is all traffic that has migrated from the older, pre-Apache artifacts at com.yahoo.datasketches and is already higher than our peak downloads prior to Apache. These numbers also do not reflect any downloads of our Zip artifacts from a.o./dist (which includes our C++ artifacts) or other external download repositories (for example, specific to PostgreSQL.How has the project developed since the last report?.Our releases are becoming easier, more polished and routine. Nonetheless, our website needs a lot of work (as mentioned above) and this will become our focus for the next month or so.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.These are the major components and their last release dates:.DataSketches-Java 2020-01-26.DataSketches-Memory 2019-11-21.DataSketches-CPP 2019-09-17.DataSketches-Hive 2019-10-11.DataSketches-Pig 2019-10-18.DataSketches-Postgresql 2019-10-29.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.No new committers since April, 2019.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes. No open issues.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.To the best of our knowledge, yes.Are 3rd parties respecting and correctly using the podlings name and brand? As far as we know, yes.If not what actions has the PPMC taken to correct this? We have not had to face this issue yet.Has the VP, Brand approved the project name? Yes, and it is clearly stated as such on http://incubator.apache.org/projects/datasketches.html.Signed-off-by:. (datasketches) Liang Chen.Comments:. (datasketches) Kenneth Knowles.Comments:. (datasketches) Furkan Kamaci.Comments:. (datasketches) Dave Fisher.Comments:. (datasketches) Evans Ye.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.