Apache Eagle is a real time Data Activity Monitoring Framework to.instantly identify access to sensitive data, recognize attacks/.malicious activity and block access in real time.Eagle has been incubating since 2015-10-25.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Infrastructure Migration: We moved the code to Apache Github,. started using Apache JIRA for tracking purposes, Eagle external. site transitioned to incubator and Jenkins projects to build binary. and created docker images for easy installation. 2. Expand the community, Increase dev list activity with new. contributors. 3. Existing committers are getting familiarized with the apache. tools and process.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Nothing urgent at this time. Our mentors have been helpful in. guiding us thru various stages.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. All core contributors/committers have started working on the. Apache repository. 2. We presented about Apache Eagle in the Data governance meetup. meeting (Topic: Apache Eagle - Secure your hadoop data We received. good feedback on the use cases and scalable design of Eagle. 3. Dev community showed increasing interests. In Nov, there have been. 507 messages on dev@ mailing list. 4. There were increased participation in the dev mailing list. pertaining to new feature development and roadmap. The development community is very active in terms of new features,. bugs closed etc. This month we are putting more emphasis on community. development and getting the interests from developers in the hadoop. ecosystem.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Main features/improvements added include:. a) Support for Docker [EAGLE-53]. b) New design for Alert dashboard [EAGLE-29]. c) Eagle internal metric framework design [EAGLE-50]. d) Bug fixes & documentation improvement. 2. 58 new JIRAs filed, 25 resolved (In Nov 2015 3. 82 code commits (In Nov 2015.Date of last release:. We have not had a release yet.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. No new committers/members from initial.Signed-off-by:. (eagle) P. Taylor Goetz. (eagle) Amareshwari Sriramdasu. (eagle) Henry Saputra. (eagle) Julian Hyde. (eagle) Owen O’Malley.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Julian Hyde (jhyde):. . Good activity and discussion, work is underway on meaningful features,. and also some preparation for a release. They got late notice that a. report was needed this month and sprang into action quickly to complete. one.