Mynewt is a real-time operating system for constrained embedded systems like.wearables, lightbulbs, locks and doorbells. It works on a variety of 32-bit.MCUs (microcontrollers), including ARM Cortex-M and MIPS architectures.Mynewt has been incubating since 2015-10-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make further point releases capable of producing a downloadable RTOS image. with support for multiple peripherals and network connectivity with the. goals of the first major (1.0) release in the last quarter of 2016 and. continued demonstration of thorough understanding, repeatability, and. maturity of process. 2. Continue to develop and execute policies that enable project contributors. to achieve self-governance. 3. Expand community - attract new project contributors and users with diverse. backgrounds, grow committer base.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.1. Active mailing lists with increasing numbers of subscribers. 15 new.subscribers on dev@ mailing list since last report. 2. Increased participation.by 3rd parties through pull requests for new BSP support, features, and test.cases. Outreach continues via conferences, exhibits, one on one meetings, beta.testers, GSoC participation. 3. Vigorous discussions, feature proposals, and.implementation suggestions on @dev mailing list.How has the project developed since the last report?.1. Releases: No new releases since June 6th but work on several branches are.being merged for first 1.0 beta release in October. The project has now closed.100+ pull requests. 2. Planning: Issues including bug reports, features, and.wish list captured and tracked in ASF JIRA by members of the community. Work.continues against 125 tickets opened for 1.0 releases (beta and GA 3. Effort.towards self governance: Voting successfully completed to grant committer.status to one new candidate since last report.Date of last release:. 2016-06-06.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2016-10-04.Signed-off-by:. (mynewt) Sterling Hughes. (mynewt) Jim Jagielski. (mynewt) Justin Mclean. (mynewt) Greg Stein. (mynewt) P. Taylor Goetz.