Mynewt is a real-time operating system for constrained embedded systems like .wearables, lightbulbs, locks and doorbells. It works on a variety of 32-bit .MCUs (microcontrollers), including ARM Cortex-M and MIPS architectures. .Mynewt has been incubating since 2015-10-20. .Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation: . 1. Make further point releases capable of producing a downloadable RTOS. image with support for multiple MCU architectures, peripherals, and. network connectivity protocols with the goal of the first major (1.0 release in the first quarter of 2017. These point releases are intended. to demonstrate and solidify the repeatability, usability, and maturity. of process. 2. Continue to develop and execute policies that enable project. contributors to achieve self-governance. 3. Expand community - attract new project contributors, get users with. diverse backgrounds applying project to new use cases and encouraging. adoption, grow committer base.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be .aware of? . None.How has the community developed since the last report? . 1. Active mailing lists with increasing numbers of subscribers. 23 new. subscribers on dev@ mailing list since last report. 2. Increased participation by several new contributors through pull. requests for new MCU support, new BSP support, features, and test cases. and test results. Increased usage of the project for 3rd-party products. or demos. Outreach continues via conferences, exhibits, one on one. meetings, tutorials, beta testers. 3. Vigorous discussions on feature proposals, code behavior analysis, API,. code usability, and implementation specifics on @dev mailing list.How has the project developed since the last report? . 1. The first beta release of the first major release (1.0.0-b1) was. completed on December 13, 2016. A second beta is being considered before. the first release in Q1, 2017 to facilitate a smooth major release. 2. Planning: Issues including bug reports, features, and wish list captured. and tracked in ASF JIRA by members of the community. . 3. Effort towards self governance: Voting successfully completed to grant. committer status to two new candidates since last report.Date of last release: . 2016-12-13.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected? . 2016-12-6.Signed-off-by: . (mynewt) Sterling Hughes . (mynewt) Jim Jagielski . (mynewt) Justin Mclean . (mynewt) Greg Stein . (mynewt) P. Taylor Goetz .