Mynewt is a real-time operating system for constrained embedded systems like.wearables, lightbulbs, locks and doorbells. It works on a variety of 32-bit.MCUs (microcontrollers), including ARM Cortex-M and MIPS architectures.Mynewt has been incubating since 2015-10-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Demonstrate the capability to do point and major releases that can be. used to build downloadable RTOS images for multiple MCU architectures,. peripherals, and network connectivity protocols. The goal of having a. first major (1.0) release in the first quarter of 2017 was met. The. releases are intended to demonstrate and solidify the repeatability,. usability, and maturity of process. 2. Continue to develop and execute policies that enable project. contributors to achieve self-governance. 3. Expand community - attract new project contributors, get users with. diverse backgrounds applying project to new use cases and encouraging. adoption, grow committer base. .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. Active mailing lists with increasing numbers of subscribers. 19 new. subscribers on dev@ mailing list since last report resulting in a total. of 160 subscribers. . 2. Increased participation by several new contributors through pull. requests for new MCU support, merges by new committers, new BSP support,. connectivity features, and test cases and test results. There is a. measurable increase in usage of the project for 3rd-party products and. demos. Outreach continues via conferences, exhibits, one on one. meetings, tutorials, beta testers, prototype and performance testing. with multiple organizations. For example, 255 Pull Requests have been. closed on GitHub. 3. Vigorous discussions, feature proposals, optimizations, code behavior. analysis, user interface improvements, and implementation debates on. @dev mailing list. Activity on dev@ list averaged 192 msgs/month in 2016.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. The first major release (1.0) was successfully completed on March 22nd. Two beta releases led up to the first major release - first on December. 13, 2016, the second on Feb 24, 2017, with the final month before the. release (between beta2 and 1.0) focusing on bug fixes, performance. tuning, and code cleanup for a robust first release. An example of. policy developed and executed is the Release Policy:. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MYNEWT/Release+and+Support+Policy. 2. Planning: Issues including bug reports, features, and wish list captured. and tracked in ASF JIRA by members of the community. Proposals for new. features are posted on the dev@ mailing list and voted on by community. members. . 3. Effort towards self governance: Voting successfully completed to grant. committer status to five new candidates since last report. New committer. acceptance policy defined and followed:. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MYNEWT/New+Committer+Acceptance+Process. Another example of policy developed and executed is the Release Policy:. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MYNEWT/Release+and+Support+Policy.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-03-22.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2017-03-28.Signed-off-by:. (mynewt) Sterling Hughes. Comments:. (mynewt) Jim Jagielski. Comments:. (mynewt) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (mynewt) Greg Stein. Comments:. (mynewt) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments:. In my opinion Mynewt is ready to graduate. I will. bring up that prospect with the podling.