Mynewt is a real-time operating system for constrained embedded systems like.wearables, lightbulbs, locks and doorbells. It works on a variety of 32-bit.MCUs (microcontrollers), including ARM Cortex-M and MIPS architectures.Mynewt has been incubating since 2015-10-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Do a first Apache release capable of producing a downloadable RTOS. image with support for multiple peripherals and network connectivity. 2. Develop and execute policies that enable project contributors to. achieve self-governance. 3. Expand community - attract new project contributors and users, grow. committer base.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. Mailing list activity since last report:. @dev 52 messages (1 Dec to 5 Jan), 1 new subscribers (20 total @commits 150+ messages. 2. Repo is being cloned and looked at by several outside parties - need. to get all interested parties on the dev mailing list. 3. Participation on the @dev mailing list covered a range of topics. including feature implementation approaches, coding practices, website,. and documentation rules discussions.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Feature support: 2 new JIRA issues were created to facilitate feature. implementation and website discussions. 2. Documentation support: Two new committers have started adding material. to technical documentation. 3. Effort towards community growth: We have redesigned the project website. to organize and present content more clearly and to highlight upcoming. events where the project will have exposure. 4. Effort towards self governance: Consensus reached on how a potential. contributor is accepted over time as a committer based on quality of. work.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.Signed-off-by:. (mynewt) Sterling Hughes. (mynewt) Jim Jagielski. (mynewt) Justin Mclean. (mynewt) Greg Stein. (mynewt) P. Taylor Goetz.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.