Mynewt is a real-time operating system for constrained embedded systems like.wearables, lightbulbs, locks and doorbells. It works on a variety of 32-bit.MCUs (microcontrollers), including ARM Cortex-M and MIPS architectures.Mynewt has been incubating since 2015-10-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make further releases capable of producing a downloadable RTOS image. with support for multiple peripherals and network connectivity. Do. subsequent releases to indicate thorough understanding, repeatability,. and maturity of process. 2. Continue to develop and execute policies that enable project. contributors to achieve self-governance. 3. Expand community - attract new project contributors and users, grow. committer base.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. Healthy, active mailing lists with increasing numbers of subscribers. 2. Continual outside interest by 3rd parties. Outreach via conferences,. exhibits, one on one meetings, beta testers, GSoC participation. 3. Vigorous discussions and implementation decisions via proposals and. voting on @dev mailing list.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Releases: Two releases so far - first on 22nd Feb, next on 18th March. - Identified and fixed license issues, regular process established to. check for license issues esp. with third party software. - Tagging process and release candidate naming process tested and used. - Voting process and timelines established and used. 2. Documentation support: Several committers added documentation either. through direct git pushes or pull requests on github mirror. 3. Effort towards self governance:. - Two releases completed successfully. - Two committer candidates going through voting for committer status. after meeting threshold of patch submissions.Date of last release:. 2016-03-18.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. At the start.Signed-off-by:. (mynewt) Sterling Hughes. (mynewt) Jim Jagielski. (mynewt) Justin Mclean. (mynewt) Greg Stein. (mynewt) P. Taylor Goetz.