Logging for C++.log4cxx2 has been incubating since 2013-12-09.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create a release. 2. Activate some community. 3.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. There was a discussion in the first quarter of the year to move the. project to attic unless it is able to release in the next few months. No. release happened since then. The project would like to have some kind of maintenance mode within. Apache, where things like community growth and releases are not that. important, as long there's a bit of support provided and "anyone" is still. alive. The problem with attic is the read-only state of the repo, which. makes it impossible to do anything (even if it's rare.How has the community developed since the last report?. Not grown and only a few mails on the dev list in the last two months. No support requests the last two months. Bill Rowe stepped in as a mentor.How has the project developed since the last report?. The build process using autotools on Linux has been fixed and there was a. discussion about supported build tools, because currently the project. heavily relies on the unsupported cpptasks framework. While there was no. actual result, the common focus was on dropping cpptasks and ANT for the. build of the software and use autoconf and/or cmake instead. Additionally, one project member was willing to make himself more familiar. with the release process, but there was no progress reported in the last. month.Date of last release:. 2008-04-03 was the last official, pre-incubation 0.10.0.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.Signed-off-by:. (log4cxx2) Ralph Goers.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. I have explained that there is no "maintenance mode" for a standalone project. However, if the project can demonstrate that it can produce a release and has. enough people to maintain the project then it can rejoin the logging project. where it can essentially exist in maintenance mode much like log4php is. The project moved to the incubator because there were people who said they. wanted to get involved with the project and were willing to get involved. To date, one person has been actively involved but not enough to produce a. release. One other person was involve in a discussion on the release process.