Logging for C++. N.B. This is a reboot of the Log4cxx podling which.previously graduated.log4cxx2 has been incubating since 2013-12-09.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create a release. 2. Activate some community. 3.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. There was a discussion in the first quarter of the year to move the. project to attic unless it is able to release in the next few months. No. release happened since then. There was a discussion about some kind of "maintenance mode" where releases. and community growth doesn't matter much. As that mode doesn't exist, it. has been suggested to release, graduate from incubator and just live along. other logging projects and in a comparable state like log4cxx. Currently it seems that there's only one official project member with. commit access left answering mails. Even though that member and some. contributors worked on being able to create a release in the past, contrary. to expectations that project member didn't find the time to deal with a. release as necessary. It seems most likely that if a release doesn't happen until the next report. is due, it won't at all anymore. At least not by that one left member.How has the community developed since the last report?. One new contributor took quite some time to look and fix the release. process. Two support mails from users, no new project members.How has the project developed since the last report?. Robert Middleton took quite some time to look at the build and release. process on Windows and Linux in the last two months and came to the. conclusion that the current Maven based process for both seems broken. He provided a shell based alternative for the release and CMAKE build. starting points, which hasn't been merged into or tested by the project. yet.Date of last release:. 2008-04-03 was the last official, pre-incubation 0.10.0.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.Signed-off-by:. (log4cxx2) Ralph Goers.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Drew Farris:. . One mentor active within in the past month. There is a single active. committer and minor progress towards a release. The current build system. is proving problematic for the contributor involved. There is some. discussion about moving to the attic and this seems appropriate.