Logging for C++. N.B. This is a reboot of the Log4cxx podling which.previously graduated.log4cxx2 has been incubating since 2013-12-09.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create a release. 2. Activate some community. 3.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. There was a discussion in the first quarter of the year to move the. project to attic unless it is able to release in the next few. months. No release happened since then. . Currently it seems that there's only one official project member with. commit access left and even though some contributor worked on fixing. the release process, that project member was unable to invest the. necessary time to create a release yet. . For that reason, the left member decided to not even care anymore. about a release and published this decision on the dev mailing list of. the project. While the member is still willing to provide some. support and would regret a move of the project to attic, creating a. release has no priority nor is seen as strictly necessary and will. therefore most likely always prioritize lower than other tasks.How has the community developed since the last report?. 3 support questions, no new project members. There was a lengthy. discussion about switching to C++ standard smart pointers with. possibly breaking the API, the influence of such an approach on a. release etc. Some bugs have been created to coordinate that work. Robert Middleton started to move the project to smart pointers using. boost or std::shared_ptr in a private GitHub repo. He's actually. changing more code than the one left official project member. . https://github.com/rm5248/log4cxx-testing/tree/smart_pointers.Date of last release:. 2008-04-03 was the last official, pre-incubation 0.10.0.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.Signed-off-by:. (log4cxx2) Ralph Goers.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Ralph Goers: . . The Log4j PMC will need to have a discussion about the state of this. project. Since Log4cxx2 was always intended to be a subproject of. the Logging project moving it to the attic may or may not be the. right move. Instead, it might just become a "dormant" subproject.