Singa is a distributed deep learning platform.Singa has been incubating since 2015-03-17.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community. We anticipate stronger growth of the community when. the upcoming, major release (v1.0) is available. SINGA v1.0 will have. new programming abstractions and be able to run on heterogeneous. hardware (e.g., using Cuda and OpenCL It will also have improved. usability in terms of installation and training new models, etc (see. details below. 2. Clean and improve existing documentations. We plan to replace the. website template with a better one. 3. Focus on Rafiki --- SINGA-based deep learning as a service.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. The Github repository has scored 602 stars and 205 forks. There were 107, 73 and 37 emails from dev@ list in March 2016, April 2016. and May 2016 respectively. There were 9, 35, and 30 commits in March 2016, April 2016 and May 2016.How has the project developed since the last report?. In April 2016, we released our third version, i.e. v0.3.0, with the. following major features:. Training on GPU cluster. Python wrapper improvements. New SGD updaters. Remove several dependencies for single node training. Heterogeneous training with CPU and GPU. Support cuDNNv4. In May, we started working on the first major release (v1.0) with the. following notable features(http://singa.apache.org/develop/schedule.html):. Cross-platform. Support heterogeneous hardware: CUDA, OpenCL. Enhance programming abstraction, focusing on Tensor as core abstraction. Python binding, cloud integration (Spark, Hadoop, etc. Runtime optimization. We are working on a system called Rafiki which uses SINGA to provide deep. learning as a service and has the following features:. Sharing of pre-training models. Visualizing training progress. Configuring model via GUI (web browsers.Date of last release:. 2016-04-20.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. N/A.Signed-off-by:. (singa) Daniel Dai. (singa) Alan Gates. (singa) Ted Dunning. (singa) Thejas Nair.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Alan Gates:. I sent an email to the community sharing my concerns about the slow. progress of adding new committers and asking if they had any contributors. that looked like they might be ready for committership. Ted Dunning:. The trend in dev mailing list traffic is worrisome as well. The opposite. trend in JIRA volume is curious.