Singa is a distributed deep learning platform.Singa has been incubating since 2015-03-17.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Add more documentations and tutorials, to make the installation and. use of SINGA easier. We have done some work as described below in. the answer of 'how has the project developed since the last. report'. 2. Grow the community. We added one more committer after the last. report and are getting more user feedbacks. We want to further grow. the community and to graduate in early 2017.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. There were 68, 125 and 61 emails from dev@ list in September 2016,. October 2016 and November 2016 respectively. There are 100 more commits since the last report. One new committer was added into SINGA committer list. .How has the project developed since the last report?. We released the v1.0 shortly after the last report, which include major. changes in terms of the programming model and other aspects:. + Tensor abstraction for supporting more machine learning models. + Device abstraction for running on different hardware devices,. including CPU, (Nvidia/AMD) GPU and FPGA (to be tested in later. versions. + Replace GNU autotool with cmake for compilation. + Support Mac OS. + Improve Python binding, including installation and programming. + More deep learning models, including VGG and ResNet. + Replace website building tool from maven to Sphinx and updated the. documentations. + Integrate Travis-CI. We also added python notebooks and windows support, and are working on. the model zoo, python whl files and Docker images to make it easier. for users to get started with SINGA. We are focusing on our niches, including distributed training at the. system level and health-care models at the application level.Date of last release:. 2016-09-09.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2016-10-21.Signed-off-by:. (singa) Daniel Dai. (singa) Alan Gates. (singa) Ted Dunning. (singa) Thejas Nair.