Omid is a flexible, reliable, high performant and scalable ACID .transactional framework that allows client applications to execute.transactions on top of MVCC key/value-based NoSQL datastores (currently.Apache HBase) providing Snapshot Isolation guarantees on the accessed data.Omid has been incubating since 2016-03-28.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Get new committers. 2. Finish integration with Apache Phoenix. 3. Get positive feedback from other projects currently in Apache.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.N/A.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. Integration with Apache Phoenix is at its final stage. 2. New active contributor, Yonatan Gottesman.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Release 0.9.0 was released on June 10. 2. Omid low latency [OMID-90] committed to a feature branch. 3. Omid and Apache Phoenix integration is at its final stage. The Omid . version for the integration is located at feature branch . phoenix-integration. This feature branch will be the next release candidate . that will start a release process in a few weeks.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-06-10.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Signed-off-by:. (omid) Alan Gates. Comments: A criterion for graduation is adding at least one committer . to the project. So I believe "Community building" would be a more. accurate assessment of your podling's maturity. . (omid) Lars Hofhansl. Comments:. (omid) Flavio P. Junqueira. Comments:. (omid) Thejas Nair. Comments:. (omid) James Taylor. Comments: I've updated the community assessment to "Community building". based on Alan's feedback. Once a new committer is added to the project. (which will happen soon), then we can update to "Nearing graduation".IPMC/Shepherd notes:.