Omid is a flexible, reliable, high performant and scalable ACID .transactional.framework that allows client applications to execute transactions on top of.MVCC key/value-based NoSQL datastores (currently Apache HBase) providing.Snapshot Isolation guarantees on the accessed data.Omid has been incubating since 2016-03-28.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finish integration with Apache Phoenix Omid side was implemented and . released. 2. Document additional features added for the integration with Apache . Phoenix, as well as, the low latency algorithm. 3. Get positive feedback from other projects currently in Apache. .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. N/A.How has the community developed since the last report?. New committer, Yonatan Gottesman, was added to Omid’s community. Yonatan . is very active and contributed to the integration with Phoenix. . Moreover, Yonattan implemented the low latency version of Omid which is . currently part of release 1.0.0. Integration with Apache Phoenix will be ready in a few days, early . December.How has the project developed since the last report?. The vote for major release 1.0.0 passed successfully in the incubator . general list. This release includes all the Phoenix required features. . The release is currently being deployed to Nexus and a formal . announcement of the release will be send shortly. Omid and Apache Phoenix integration is at its final stage. Omid release . 1.0.0 includes all Phoenix required features, therefore, from the Omid . side, the integration with Phoenix is over. . The Phoenix code is also ready and currently located in a feature branch . that will be merged in a few days.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-06-10.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-09-25.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Our mentors are very helpful and responsive. We appreciate their help.Signed-off-by:. (omid) Alan Gates. Comments:. (omid) James Taylor. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Drew Farris (Shepherd) - Mentors active on the mailing lists, active . development, and progress towards graduation observed.