Omid is a flexible, reliable, high performant and scalable ACID.transactional framework that allows client applications to execute .transactions.on top of MVCC key/value-based NoSQL datastores (currently Apache HBase) .providing.Snapshot Isolation guarantees on the accessed data.Omid has been incubating since 2016-03-28.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Optimise Omid for the integration with Apache Phoenix. 2. Document additional features added for the integration with Apache . Phoenix, as well as, the low latency algorithm. 3. Get positive feedback from other projects currently in Apache.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.How has the community developed since the last report?. Integration with Apache Phoenix was over, we are currently working on . optimisation.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Release 1.0.0 was published and includes all the Phoenix required . features. 2. The Apache Phoenix code that uses Omid was committed and currently . Omid serves as Phoenix transaction processor. 3. We are currently working on a minor release in Omid, 1.0.1, that . includes optimization to Omid that inferred from the integration with . Phoenix. These features mostly improve the performance of Omid, however, some . are bug fixes that revealed by the integration with Phoenix while pushing . Omid to its corner cases. We will start the release process in a few days. Jiras 124 - 135 will . be part of the release.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-12-24.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-09-25.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Our mentors are extremely responsive and helpful.Signed-off-by:. (omid) Alan Gates. Comments: I don't see any of the issues listed under "Three most . important issues to address in the move towards graduation" as blockers for . graduation. The community has done multiple releases and added one . committer. Development is slow but consistent. I do not believe the . community has done a name search yet to make sure Omid is acceptable. . AFAIK that is the only blocker for graduation. I've given this feedback to . the community. (omid) James Taylor. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.