Apache Groovy is a multi-faceted programming language for the Java platform.Groovy is a powerful, optionally typed and dynamic language, with static-.typing and static compilation capabilities, aimed at multiplying developers’.productivity thanks to a concise, familiar and easy to learn syntax. It.integrates smoothly with any Java program, and immediately delivers to your.application powerful features, including scripting capabilities, Domain-.Specific Language authoring, runtime and compile-time meta-programming and.functional programming.Groovy has been incubating since 2015-03-24.The most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. All the ICLA of all the PMC / Committers have been sent. Most Apache accounts have already been created. 2. On behalf of the whole Groovy development team and the community,. Guillaume Laforge signed and scanned the SGA, and sent it to Secretary. on April 1st. 3. We've communicated to the historical mailing-lists about the new lists,. encouraging subscribers to join the new ones. The JIRA migration should. be taking place over the week-end, and we'll also communicate with our. community about that change. And last but not least, we need the Git. repository to be created and import our current sources from Github.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No, just getting started.How has the community developed since the last report?. Currently, the pretty large Groovy community is happy about the move into. the ASF, but continues to be centered around our old infrastructure. That’s why we’re going to start attracting the community towards our new. lists, to get them involved in this new era for the project.How has the project developed since the last report?. No last report, as this is the first!.Date of last release:. We did a last non-Apache release as the vote for incubation was still. ongoing, but we haven’t yet planned the next release dates.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. No new elected PMC or committers.Signed-off-by:. (groovy) Bertrand Delacretaz. (groovy) Emmanuel Lecharny. (groovy) Jim Jagielski. (groovy) Roman Shaposhnik. (groovy) Andrew Bayer. (groovy) Konstantin Boudnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Bertrand Delacretaz:. Thanks Guillaume for taking the lead on this!. Emmanuel Lecharny:. Quite a good start for a podling. Even the user mailing list starts to. be active ! Waiting for the JIRA migration this week-end, and the code. migration asap, then the podling will be almost fully setup, as soon as. the web site will be available. Great work by the Groovy fellows, and. the Infra peeps !. John D. Ament:. Project seems to be going well initially, doing the expected up front. house keeping required considering the largish size of the code base. I would expect email volume to pick up quickly as the Codehaus services. begin to shutdown.