Apache Groovy is a multi-faceted programming language for the Java platform.Groovy is a powerful, optionally typed and dynamic language, with static-.typing and static compilation capabilities, aimed at multiplying developers’.productivity thanks to a concise, familiar and easy to learn syntax. It.integrates smoothly with any Java program, and immediately delivers to your.application powerful features, including scripting capabilities, Domain-.Specific Language authoring, runtime and compile-time meta-programming and.functional programming.Groovy has been incubating since 2015-03-24.The most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. We still have to get our new release process ready for making our first. release under the incubator banner. 2. We need to continue encouraging our users to use our new resources at. Apache instead of using the old ones at Codehaus (in particular. mailing-lists which are still running at Codehaus.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We noticed some issues with JIRA rights that we brought to the attention. to our mentors.How has the community developed since the last report?. With the JIRA creation and the mirroring on Github, the project received. new tickets and also code contributions through pull requests. So the the community has followed the project at Apache, and has managed. to move to using our new resources there, and new users contributing.How has the project developed since the last report?. Since the last report, the JIRA issue tracker has been created and. Codehaus JIRA issues have been moved in. We also got a "notifications". mailing-list created for JIRA notification emails. The Git repository has. also been created and the code was imported in Apache's Git, and mirrored. on Github.Date of last release:. Not yet released under the Apache incubation umbrella.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. No new election.Signed-off-by:. (groovy) Andrew Bayer. (groovy) Konstantin Boudnik. (groovy) Bertrand Delacretaz. (groovy) Jim Jagielski. (groovy) Emmanuel Lecharny. (groovy) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Andrei Savu:. Integration into the Incubator is going well.