Apache Groovy is a multi-faceted programming language for the Java platform.Groovy is a powerful, optionally typed and dynamic language, with static-.typing and static compilation capabilities, aimed at multiplying developers’.productivity thanks to a concise, familiar and easy to learn syntax. It.integrates smoothly with any Java program, and immediately delivers to your.application powerful features, including scripting capabilities, Domain-.Specific Language authoring, runtime and compile-time meta-programming and.functional programming.Groovy has been incubating since 2015-03-24.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:.1. We still have to get our new release process ready for making our. first release under the incubator banner, but progress has been made. towards that goal already. . .2. We need to continue encouraging our users to use our new resources. at Apache instead of using the old ones at Codehaus, but most. remaining resources or assets from Codehaus have been moved or. closed.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No particular issue right now.How has the community developed since the last report?. The community seems to have followed the move to our new home, as. for example we're not seeing emails on the old lists anymore.How has the project developed since the last report?. Ongoing incremental improvements and bug fixes.Date of last release:. No release yet, but progress being made to make our build process to. comply with Apache rules.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. One new committer has joined the team: Andrés Almiray. And we are inviting two other committers to join us, so hopefully. next month, we should further expand our community.Signed-off-by:. (groovy) Andrew Bayer. (groovy) Konstantin Boudnik. (groovy) Bertrand Delacretaz. (groovy) Jim Jagielski. (groovy) Emmanuel Lecharny. (groovy) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.The project is in good shape! The new committers addition is a good sign.Two remarks though :. .- The web site is still not linked to Apache, there is a bit of work. to do in this area. .- There is not a lot of discussion on the dev list. If some of those. discussions are conducted on a side channel, it's important to move. such discussions to the dev list. Otherwise, I think that the. current committers are quite busy with their new day job, that would. explain this.Thanks, keep going the good job!.