Apache Groovy is a multi-faceted programming language for the Java platform.Groovy is a powerful, optionally typed and dynamic language, with static-.typing and static compilation capabilities, aimed at multiplying developers’.productivity thanks to a concise, familiar and easy to learn syntax. It.integrates smoothly with any Java program, and immediately delivers to your.application powerful features, including scripting capabilities, Domain-.Specific Language authoring, runtime and compile-time meta-programming and.functional programming.Groovy has been incubating since 2015-03-24.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. The biggest issue we've had to handle was with a subset of our. documentation (guides written in asciidoc Parts of the documentation. have already always been licensed under ASL 2 but the text from asciidoc. guides has recently had a Creative Commons Share Alike 3.0 license. To. avoid a potential grey area over whether the software grant implicitly. changed the licensing terms to ASL 2, we contacted all contributors. (GROOVY-7470) and they all approved an explicit change to ASL 2 and all. relevant artifacts have been modified to reflect that change. Lack of ASF (incubating) release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No particular issue right now.How has the community developed since the last report?. The new Groovy mailing-lists at Apache are doing fine, and it seems a. large portion of our community have already followed our move here. The project has received 19 pull requests this past month,. and the team has managed to handle and integrate 17 of them. This shows an active community is there to contribute to the project. Furthermore, since the move to Apache,. we're also seeing contributions from new developers. that were not known to us before. Groovy committers have also contributed to other Apache projects including. RAT (contributions of fixes that we needed) and evaluations of Commons CLI. and Ant release candidates using the Groovy test suites.How has the project developed since the last report?. Ongoing incremental improvements and bug fixes.Date of last release:. No release yet, but progress has been made to make our build process. comply with Apache rules, in particular with RAT. We've moved our build. to use the Gradle RAT plugin (which incidentally we have contributed fixes. to We attempted a release that had to be cancelled, as we had still. some issues around the usage of JARs in our test resources which have now. been resolved.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Russel Winder joined as a new committer on the team. Another person signed the ICLA, so we should have another one joining soon. too.Signed-off-by:. (groovy) Andrew Bayer. (groovy) Konstantin Boudnik. (groovy) Bertrand Delacretaz. (groovy) Jim Jagielski. (groovy) Emmanuel Lecharny. (groovy) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Emmanuel Lecharny:. Those guys are really doing a good job ! The project is active, new. committers are being added, they are respectfully following the rules,. and when they are not complying by mistake, they fix their way of doing. things. As a mentor, it's a pleasure !.