Apache Groovy is a multi-faceted programming language for the Java platform.Groovy is a powerful, optionally typed and dynamic language, with static-.typing and static compilation capabilities, aimed at multiplying developers’.productivity thanks to a concise, familiar and easy to learn syntax. It.integrates smoothly with any Java program, and immediately delivers to your.application powerful features, including scripting capabilities, Domain-.Specific Language authoring, runtime and compile-time meta-programming and.functional programming.Groovy has been incubating since 2015-03-17.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. No issues left before graduating.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No particular issue, but our mentors suggested we think about graduating. We still have to launch the vote, but the consensus is positive already.How has the community developed since the last report?. I've started collecting the number of subscribers on the users and dev. lists starting last July (numbers from early July till end of September. Groovy users have been continuing to subscribe to our mailing-lists on a. regular basis. Early end of end of end of. July July August September. Users: 249 259 273 274. Dev: 152 156 163 164. The download numbers, which are also an interesting indicator to see how. much a project is used, are still on an upward trend. Here are the figures totaling downloads from both Maven Central and Bintray. since the Groovy project entered the incubator (full numbers from September. not yet available):. March April May June July August. 643k 759k 877k 1.15M 1.29M 1.34M. The download numbers doubled since Groovy entered the incubator.How has the project developed since the last report?. Since the last report 3 months ago, we managed to make two releases. 1. Groovy 2.4.4 on July 9th, patching an important security issue,. but the release wasn't yet compliant with all the good practices. in terms of licenses & copyright information. 2. Groovy 2.4.5 on September 17th, we fixed all the problems of the. previous release, and we took the opportunity to do a "release party". during the SpringOne2GX conference in Washington, DC, to spread the. knowledge of the new release process across the team, as well as with. our partners from JFrog.Date of last release:. 2015-09-17: Groovy 2.4.5.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. We've welcomed a new committer to the project: Keegan Witt. Keegan is also. known in our community for his work with the Maven integration for Groovy. (the GMavenPlus project.Signed-off-by:. (groovy) Andrew Bayer. (groovy) Konstantin Boudnik. (groovy) Bertrand Delacretaz. (groovy) Jim Jagielski. (groovy) Emmanuel Lecharny. (groovy) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Emmanuel Lecharny: . . Nothing special. They get it, it's now time for them to graduate, IMHO. As. a mentor, it's a pleasure to follow this podling.