ManifoldCF is an incremental crawler framework and set of connectors designed.to pull documents from various kinds of repositories into search engine.indexes or other targets. The current bevy of repository connectors includes.Documentum (EMC), FileNet (IBM), LiveLink (OpenText), Meridio (Autonomy),.SharePoint (Microsoft), JDBC, CIFS file systems, CMIS repositories, Alfresco,.RSS feeds, Wiki content, and web content. Output support includes Solr,.MetaCarta GTS, and OpenSearchServer.ManifoldCF also provides components for individual document security within.a target search engine, so that repository security access conventions can.be enforced in search results.ManifoldCF has been in incubation since January, 2010. It was originally.a planned subproject of Lucene but is now a likely top-level project.A list of the three most important issues to address in the move.towards graduation:. 1. We believe we've reached graduation threshold. More committers and. greater breadth in the committer base is always welcome, of course. 2. We need the current committer base to continue to broaden their. commits to new areas of the project.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to.be aware of?. We have an outstanding request to Apache Legal to determine whether we can. distribute PDF files containing Japanese characters rendered with the IPA. family of fonts. It would be great to know the answer prior to the release. of ManifoldCF 0.5-incubating. A ticket is open (LEGAL-123) but no activity. has taken place on it.How has the community developed since the last report?. We've received sustained contributions from multiple individuals, and signed. up one new committer. Deployments of the project software are also now. clearly reaching a much broader audience than they were a year ago, and. this trend seems likely to continue. A second revision of ManifoldCF in. Action is also planned to keep up with developments on the project.How has the project developed since the last report?. An 0.1 release was made on January 31, 2011, and a 0.2 release occurred. on May 17, 2011. The 0.3 release occurred on September 20, 2011. The 0.4. release took place on February 2, 2012. The fifth incubator release is. planned for March 30, 2012, and will include an ElasticSearch connector,. full internationalization support and a Japanese localization, MySQL. support, automated UI testing, and more.Signed off by mentor: tommaso, jukka.