--Description--.ManifoldCF is an incremental crawler framework and set of connectors.designed to pull documents from various kinds of repositories into.search engine indexes or other targets. The current bevy of repository.connectors includes Documentum (EMC), FileNet (IBM), LiveLink.(OpenText), Meridio (Autonomy), SharePoint (Microsoft), JDBC, CIFS.file systems, CMIS repositories, RSS feeds, and web content. Output.support includes Solr, MetaCarta GTS, and OpenSearchServer.ManifoldCF also provides components for individual document security.within a target search engine, so that repository security access.conventions can be enforced in the search results.ManifoldCF has been in incubation since January, 2010. It was.originally a planned subproject of Lucene but is now a likely.top-level project.--A list of the three most important issues to address in the move.towards graduation--.1. We need at least one additional active committer, as well as.additional users and repeat contributors.2. We want to finish the current release before graduating.3. We'd like to see long-term contributions for project testing,.especially infrastructure access.--Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to.be aware of?--.All issues have been addressed to our satisfaction at this time.--How has the community developed since the last report?--.A book has been completed, and is now available in early-release form,.available from Manning Publishing, at http://www.manning.com/wright.We have signed up a new committer in this quarter and are discussing a.second. One of our mentors (Grant Ingersoll) resigned.We continue to have user community interest. We are participating.this year in both Apache Eurocon and Apache North America. We've had.a number of extremely helpful contributions from the field, including.the CMIS connector and the OpenSearchServer output connector. We have.started to discuss graduation from the incubator, which may come to.pass by the end of the year.--How has the project developed since the last report?--.An 0.1 release was made on January 31, 2011, and a 0.2 release.occurred on May 17, 2011. Another release is scheduled for September.15, 2011, and will contain significant new features, including two new.connectors and a client scripting language.Signed off by mentor:.