--Description--.ManifoldCF is an incremental crawler framework and set of connectors.designed to pull documents from various kinds of repositories into.search engine indexes or other targets. The current bevy of repository.connectors includes Documentum (EMC), FileNet (IBM), LiveLink.(OpenText), Meridio (Autonomy), SharePoint (Microsoft), JDBC, CIFS.file systems, CMIS repositories, RSS feeds, and web content. Output.support includes Solr, MetaCarta GTS, and OpenSearchServer.ManifoldCF also provides components for individual document security.within a target search engine, so that repository security access.conventions can be enforced in the search results.ManifoldCF has been in incubation since January, 2010. It was.originally a planned subproject of Lucene but is now a likely.top-level project.--A list of the three most important issues to address in the move.towards graduation--.1. We need at least one additional active committer, as well as.additional users and repeat contributors.2. We need the current committer base to each broaden their commits.to new areas of the project.3. We'd like to see long-term contributions for project testing,.especially infrastructure access.--Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to.be aware of?--.All issues have been addressed to our satisfaction at this time.--How has the community developed since the last report?--.Talks on ManifoldCF were given both at Apache Eurocon 2011 in.Barcelona and at ApacheCon NA in Vancouver. Both were well-received.We have not signed up any new committers, however, this quarter,.although we've received interest from people towards contributing.especially in Vancouver.Based on the feelings of our mentors, we have postponed further talk.of graduation, due to the still-not-well-distributed number of commits.among our committer base.--How has the project developed since the last report?--.An 0.1 release was made on January 31, 2011, and a 0.2 release.occurred on May 17, 2011. Another release occurred on September.20, 2011. A fourth release is planned for December 15, 2011, and will contain.significant new features, including full support for HSQLDB and a new.Alfresco connector.Signed off by mentor: tommmaso, jukka.