Iceberg is a table format for large, slow-moving tabular data.Iceberg has been incubating since 2018-11-16.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finish the name clearance and trademark agreement. 2. Make the first Apache release. .(https://github.com/apache/incubator-iceberg/milestone/1 3. Grow the Iceberg community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Gitbox traffic is now going to issues@. The community was losing dev@ . subscribers because of the high volume of traffic from Gitbox. However,. now all updates are sent to issues@. It would be nice to have emails. from creation go to dev@, while updates and resolutions would go the. issues@. The trademark agreement proposed by Netflix was not acceptable to the . ASF. It would be helpful if the ASF published the terms that the ASF. requires to avoid trial and error. Netflix is drafting a new agreement.How has the community developed since the last report?. Moved gitbox notifications to avoid loss of dev@ subscribers . (self-reported leaving dev@. New contributor activity: 3 new issues opened, 4 PRs submitted. 5 PRs from non-committers merged. 2 contributors started reviewing PRs. New design doc proposed by a community contributor. Moved issues from Netflix repository to Apache repository.How has the project developed since the last report?. Planned blockers for first release, 0.1.0, in milestone 1. Partial python implementation submitted. Manifest listing file added to the spec and implementation committed . (blocker for initial release Resulted in a significant improvement in . query planning time for large tables. Abstracted file IO API to support community use cases. Reviewing community proposal for external plugins to support file-level . encryption. Added doc strings to schemas.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup (name clearance pending Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. None yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. None yet.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Last month was December, so traffic has been low and both PPMC members and. mentors were slow to respond. This is not abnormal, but the PPMC missed . the deadline to file this report. We will ensure this doesn't recur.Signed-off-by:. (iceberg) Ryan Blue. Comments: I wrote the first pass of the report, but after the deadline. (iceberg) Julien Le Dem. Comments:. (iceberg) Owen O'Malley. Comments: Approval from +1 on dev list. (iceberg) James Taylor. Comments:. (iceberg) Carl Steinbach. Comments:.