Iceberg is a table format for large, slow-moving tabular data.Iceberg has been incubating since 2018-11-16.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Grow the Iceberg community.Add more committers and PPMC members.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No issues.How has the community developed since the last report?.In the 4 months since the last report, 138 pull requests were merged for an average of 34.5 per month. While this is down from the previous monthly average of 49.6 per month for June through August, this contribution rate is still very active and healthy. Contributions are coming from a regular group of contributors outside of the initial set of committers, which is a positive indication for adding new committers and PPMC members over the next few months.The community released the first version of Apache Iceberg, 0.7.0-incubating. This release used the "standard" incubator disclaimer and included convenience binaries. The release candidate votes were very active with community members testing out the release and reporting problems.There was an Apache Iceberg talk at ApacheCon NA in September.How has the project developed since the last report?.The community is building support for the upcoming Spark 3.0 release.The first PR from the vectorization branch has been merged into master.Support for IN and NOT IN predicates was contributed.Python added support for Hive metastore tables and the read path is near commit.Flaky tests have been fixed.Baseline checks (style, errorprone, findbugs) are now applied to all modules.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.0.7.0-incubating was released 25 October 2019.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Anton Okolnychyi was added 30 August 2019.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes. 4 of 5 mentors voted on the 0.7.0-incubating IPMC vote. Thanks to our mentors for being active!.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Yes, the podling is managing the brand and is not aware of any issues. The project name has been approved.Signed-off-by:. (iceberg) Ryan Blue.Comments:. (iceberg) Owen O'Malley.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.