Iceberg is a table format for large, slow-moving tabular data.Iceberg has been incubating since 2018-11-16.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Grow the Iceberg community 2. Add more committers and PPMC members.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No issues.How has the community developed since the last report?. - The community added a committer and PPMC member, Ratandeep Ratti. Ratandeep is the 4th new PPMC member. - In the 3 months since the last report, 76 pull requests were merged, for an average of 25 per month so the contribution rate is still active and healthy - The community had a video sync with about 20 attendees. These will be held about every 3 weeks at alternating times so that contributors in Europe and Asia can attend - The community is working toward an 0.8.0 release in mid-April.How has the project developed since the last report?. - The community is building support for the upcoming Spark 3.0 release and working on moving this to master - More Parquet vectorization PRs have been merged, showing significant progress - A contributor has built support for Spark streaming, which is under review - Members of the Apache Flink community have been discussing integration and have contributed an early Flink sink - Support for ORC files is nearly done. Schema evolution, type promotion, and support for generics have been recently added - Support for cherry-picking append snapshots was added - Added new metadata table.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary.Community building.Nearing graduation.Date of last release:. - 0.7.0-incubating was released 25 October 2019.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. - Ratandeep Ratti was added 30 August 2019.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Yes, the podling is managing the brand and is not aware of any issues. The project name has been approved.Signed-off-by:.(iceberg) Ryan Blue .Comments: .(iceberg) Owen O'Malley.Comments:.(iceberg) Carl Steinbach.Comments: .