Iceberg is a table format for large, slow-moving tabular data.Iceberg has been incubating since 2018-11-16.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Make the first Apache release. (https://github.com/apache/incubator-iceberg/milestone/1Grow the Iceberg community.Add more committers and PPMC members.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No issues.How has the community developed since the last report?.The community continues to grow steadily. In the last month:.59 pull requests have been merged.17 people contributed the merged PRs.18 issues have been closed, 22 issues were opened.For comparison, the last report had 74 pull requests merged over 3 months.How has the project developed since the last report?.License documentation has been completed for the Java project, unblocking the first release.Added more documentation to iceberg.apache.org.Started vectorized read branch with significantly better performance.Added metadata tables.Added configuration to control statistics and truncate long values.Improved Hive Metastore integration.A working python read path has been submitted in PRs.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.No release yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Anton Okolnychyi was added 30 August 2019.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes.Signed-off-by:. (iceberg) Ryan Blue.Comments:. (iceberg) Owen O'Malley.Comments:.The project also gave two presentations: Berlin Buzzwords (June 2019) ApacheCon NA (Sep 2019) Iceberg is being used in production at Netflix on huge tables, up to 25 petabytes. (iceberg) James Taylor.Comments:. (iceberg) Carl Steinbach.Comments: Approval added by Ryan Blue, Carl had trouble editing the new report location.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: The included stats don't really mean much to anyone outside of your project, please drop them from future reports. The community growth section might as well be blank. I find it surprising that this project thinks that it is near graduation. Please discuss this with your mentors.