Kudu is a distributed columnar storage engine built for the Apache Hadoop.ecosystem.Kudu has been incubating since 2015-12-03.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Move development to the Apache-hosted git repository, bug tracking, and. code review. 2. Build a more diverse development and user community. 3. Perform releases under the ASF.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None so far.How has the community developed since the last report?. - The development community has remained about the same since the initial. proposal, with overall code contribution levels a bit lower than. historical averages due to the end-of-year holidays. - Xiaomi reported that they are now running Kudu in a production use case. on ~70 nodes ingesting 10B rows/day. This is Kudu's first known. production use case, and we expect continuing and increasing. participation from developers at Xiaomi. - To spread the word about Kudu, various community members have given a. number of talks over the last 6 weeks, including: Strata/Hadoop World. (Singapore), Big Data Tech Con (Beijing), Shanghai Streaming Meetup,. Korea Big Data Think Tank (Seoul), San Francisco Spark Hackers, The Hive. Big Data Think Tank (Palo Alto), Charlotte Hadoop User Group, Cloudera. World Tokyo, Big Data Warehousing Meetup (NYC), and more. - Members of the Kudu community met up with Apache Drill contributors and. built an initial version of Kudu/Drill integration. We anticipate. further collaboration with Drill and other ASF TLPs.How has the project developed since the last report?. This is our first report since incubation. In the past month, we've. accomplished a few milestones:. - filed an SGA as well as ICLAs for initial committers. - granted karma, created mailing lists, and subscribed mentors/committers. - updated our web site to comply with ASF branding. - filed INFRA requests to start working on git and JIRA migration. (INFRA-10959, INFRA-10983 . Progress has slowed in the second half of December due to the holiday. season, but we anticipate picking momentum back up in January. .Date of last release:. None under the ASF. Outside of the ASF, we released 0.6.0 on 11/24/2015.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None since initial incubation.Signed-off-by:. (kudu) Jake Farrell. (kudu) Brock Noland. (kudu) Michael Stack. (kudu) Jarek Jarcec Cecho. (kudu) Chris Mattmann. (kudu) Julien Le Dem. (kudu) Carl Steinbach.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.