Kudu is a distributed columnar storage engine built for the Apache Hadoop.ecosystem.Kudu has been incubating since 2015-12-03.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Continue to move over infrastructure (JIRA, etc) to ASF. 2. Build a more diverse development and user community. 3. Perform releases under the ASF.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. - In January, we have received patches from three new contributors. The. patches were of varying size (from trivial to quite significant) but. we're encouraged that new developers are finding the patch submission. process approachable. - Overall >110 patches were committed in January from 11 developers. representing three organizations. Discounting some large patches which. replaced our copyright boilerplate, license notices, etc, around. 10-12kloc were changed in January. This is a substantial increase. compared to December which had only 29 patches, representing less than. 1000 lines of changed code. Lines of code are not a primary metric we track, but the above shows. that the community is getting back into rapid and lively development. after a lull during the holiday season. This is also evident in the dev. list traffic (1084 messages so far in January. - Community members continue to give public talks about Kudu at various. conferences and meetups. Talks were delivered at meetups in Atlanta and. Palo Alto, and more are being scheduled for the coming months. - The public Kudu Slack channel has proven fairly popular among both the. developer and user communities. The group now has 116 members, of which. ~20 are typically active on an average weekday.How has the project developed since the last report?. Since the last report, we've accomplished the following milestones:. - We set up a workflow and scripting for committers to easily push work. that has been reviewed on Gerrit into our official ASF repository. We. are following the best practices established by the AsterixDB podling. - We moved over our user and developer discussions to ASF mailing lists. and discontinued usage of our old Google Groups. Migration of JIRA is an. ongoing project which we hope to close out this coming month. - We set up publicly-accessible precommit builds so that non-Cloudera. contributors can see automated test results for their contributions. - We adjusted our licensing boilerplate and documentation to comply with. our understanding of ASF policies. We also started to build scripting. for doing ASF-style source releases. We are planning on doing our first. release in the incubator in early Feb.Date of last release:. None under the ASF. Outside of the ASF, we released 0.6.0 on 11/24/2015.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None since initial incubation.Signed-off-by:. (kudu) Jake Farrell. (kudu) Brock Noland. (kudu) Michael Stack. (kudu) Jarek Jarcec Cecho. (kudu) Chris Mattmann. (kudu) Julien Le Dem. (kudu) Carl Steinbach.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.