Kudu is a distributed columnar storage engine built for the Apache Hadoop.ecosystem.Kudu has been incubating since 2015-12-03.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Build a more diverse developer and user community. 2. Migrate our web site under apache.org. 3. Continue to make regular Apache releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. - In February, we only received one patch from a new contributor (3 total. from non-committers We're continuing to focus on building a more. diverse developer community. Although recruiting new contributors to Kudu itself have been slow, we. had community members report beginnings of a Presto integration, an. Apache Flume sink, and Rust language bindings. We are considering. whether it makes sense to develop these things within the Kudu project. or external locations. - Overall development velocity continues to be pretty good: 94 patches. committed since the last report, representing about 3.5kloc of new code. and 4kloc of changes. This is slightly down from last month, as we. spent a bit more time on managing our first release and fixing bugs. rather than adding new features. Dev list traffic is similar to January (1032 messages vs 1144 in Jan. - Community members continue to give public talks about Kudu at various. conferences and meetups. Talks were delivered at conferences or meetups. in Tokyo (x2), Sunnyvale, Krakow, San Francisco (x2), and Seattle. More. are planned for March. We are also encouraged that at least two Kudu meetup talks were. delivered by new members of the community outside the core development. team. We hope to see the "grassroots community" trend continue. - The public Kudu Slack channel continues to be popular. It has grown from. 116 members last month to 150 this month. Discussion between users and. devs is quite active, with daily participation from a global community. (USA, China, Poland, Japan, et al Many users seem to prefer this. method over the traditional user mailing list.How has the project developed since the last report?. Since the last report, we've accomplished the following milestones:. - We successfully migrated our issue tracking to the Apache JIRA. Special. thanks to Gavin on the infra team and Mike Percy on the Kudu project for. hard work on this transition. - We cleaned up our license documentation and successfully published our. first official release as an incubating project (0.7.0)!.Date of last release:. Feb 25, 2016: Apache Kudu 0.7.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None since initial incubation.Signed-off-by:. (kudu) Jake Farrell. (kudu) Brock Noland. (kudu) Michael Stack. (kudu) Jarek Jarcec Cecho. (kudu) Chris Mattmann. (kudu) Julien Le Dem. (kudu) Carl Steinbach.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. KUDU is very active. We need to get our website done and branded. as an Incubator and eventually TLP site. Good progress.