Kudu is a distributed columnar storage engine built for the Apache Hadoop.ecosystem.Kudu has been incubating since 2015-12-03.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Build a more diverse developer and user community. 2. Migrate our web site under apache.org. 3. Continue to make regular Apache releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. The PPMC invited Binglin Chang as a new committer and PPMC member. Binglin. has continued to increase his involvement and some of his colleagues are. now becoming more involved as well. Since the last report, we had contributions from several new contributors,. including five new contributors from outside Cloudera (the initial code. grantor Of those, two were substantial pieces of new functionality: a. new sink to ingest data from Apache Flume, and an improved integration. with Apache Spark. We hope that the authors of these contributions will. continue to be involved in the community and grow into committers. In March, one of our mentors approached the development community with. some ideas to make the project more approachable for developers. As a. result of this, we've been working on a few action items:. 1) We started a project blog and have been posting weekly updates on. development progress as well as more detailed posts on new features or. project news. We've heard from community members that this is an easy. way to track the project without subscribing to high-volume dev lists. 2) Our dev@ list is currently very noisy with a lot of code review. comments. For more casual contributors this can be overwhelming as. code review is intermingled with higher level project discussions. The. community discussed the issue and decided to split the code review. traffic to a new mailing list (currently awaiting infra to create it. 3) We've started an informal policy of emailing the dev list with a. heads-up whenever any new larger feature first shows up on gerrit or. JIRA, to make it easier for people to give input on large items without. having to see every bug fix or small improvement. For example, whenever. design discussion starts on a new feature, the contributor sends a. 'heads-up' email to dev@. Development activity continues to be healthy. Mailing list traffic for the. dev list in April and May was similar to the preceding months. Patch. contribution level is also fairly stable (50-80 commits/month) with lulls. around releases as people focus on release testing, documentation, etc. User mailing list traffic is steadily increasing in quantity and. diversity: 108 messages in April vs 51 in March, 40 in Feb. April saw 26. distinct people contribute to the user list discussion vs 15 in Feb. Website traffic also indicates growing interest, with April having 30%. more traffic than Feb. In the last two months, Kudu-related talks were delivered in San. Francisco, San Jose, Beijing, Boston, DC, Detroit, London, and Dublin. More talks are scheduled for the upcoming months at ApacheCon Big Data,. Strata/Hadoop World, Berlin Buzzwords, and various local meetups.How has the project developed since the last report?. Since the last report, we've accomplished the following milestones:. - We released Apache Kudu 0.7.1-incubating on 3/9/2016 to fix a few issues. found in the 0.7.0 release. - We released Apache Kudu 0.8.0-incubating on 4/10/2016 with various new. features and improvements.Date of last release:. April 10, 2016: Apache Kudu 0.8.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. - Binglin Chang was added as a committer and PPMC member on April 4, 2016.Signed-off-by:. (kudu) Jake Farrell. (kudu) Brock Noland. (kudu) Michael Stack. (kudu) Jarek Jarcec Cecho. (kudu) Chris Mattmann. (kudu) Julien Le Dem. (kudu) Carl Steinbach.