Java modules that allow programmatic creation, scanning and manipulation of.OpenDocument Format (ISO/IEC 26300 == ODF) documents.ODF Toolkit has been incubating since 2011-08-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community. 2. Generate additional releases. 3.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Very quiet.How has the community developed since the last report?. No new committers. New tickets have been raised by interested users.Date of last release:. 2014-06-02.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2012-10-29.Signed-off-by:. (odftoolkit) Sam Ruby. (odftoolkit) Nick Burch. (odftoolkit) Yegor Kozlov.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.#-----.Sentry.Sentry is a highly modular system for providing fine grained role.based authorization to both data and metadata stored on an Apache Hadoop.cluster. .Sentry has been incubating since 2013-08-08.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Encourage more feature and direction discussions on the dev list rather. than jira. 2. Continue reporting on time . 3. Improve release schedules.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. Community has fixed all the issues raised except for the ongoing efforts. mentioned in the previous section. Community has released Sentry 1.5.1 after fixing the earlier release. issues. . Making project direction more visible: Created a roadmap page on wiki,. so that there is one place every one can see what is community working. on or aspiring to work on. Project is now doing monthly reporting.How has the community developed since the last report? . We had 73 messages on dev list last month. (Got number from. http://markmail.org/list/org.apache.sentry.dev.How has the project developed since the last report? . About 42 issues were created and about 46 resolved(Numbers from jira .Date of last release:. 2015-07-14.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Colin Ma, Dapeng Sun, Guoquan Shen and Xiaomeng Huang were added as. committers on 12/24/2014. No new PPMC members have been added since the. project has entered the incubator. .Signed-off-by:. . (sentry) Arvind Prabhakar. (sentry) Joe Brockmeier. (sentry) David Nalley. (sentry) Olivier Lamy. (sentry) Patrick Hunt. (sentry) Thomas White. .Shepherd/Mentor notes:.