Java modules that allow programmatic creation, scanning and manipulation of.OpenDocument Format (ISO/IEC 26300 == ODF) documents.ODF Toolkit has been incubating since 2011-08-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Get companies backing up the project as part of a commercial story, to. get a long-term momentum. 2. Do recurrent releases - some semi-automation would be helpful - for the. 3rd party users.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We have a lack of active mentors. Sam Ruby resigned due to switch of. personal focus. Mentors have not signed the past two reports, not answering. on direct mail. Overworked?. A general issue of the project is that it 'just' a toolkit of an office. file format, which in addition is far from leading on the business market,. so likely never being used by the mass market - a very niche product. Still the toolkit seems to be working well for most common use cases, but. is repeatedly updated by developers on changes of the ODF, like Red Hat. developers enhancing the ODF validator as part of LibreOffice regression. tests (e.g. out-of-the-box running on http://odf-validator.rhcloud.com/ most often quite ahead of one of the international ODF Plugfests -. http://odfplugfest.org/2016-paris/programme/. . Since there are still some game changing features in the pipeline (e.g. collaboration) which are expected to strengthen the acceptance and develop. the community but on the other hand the mentorship / infrastructure of the. project could be better, a decision needs to be made on the future.How has the community developed since the last report?. A company stated their commitment to the ODF toolkit and works on. contribution to the project. We are working on the next release including the fixes and planning a. follow-up release adding new features.How has the project developed since the last report?. Problem with Windows build bots were solved. . Build tested with JDK 6 to 8 under Windows and Linux with JDK 8. Preparing a release after a long time to allow newcomers to rely on. state-of-the-art features. .How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2013-06-22, just started one.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2015-10-05 - Damjan Jovanovic for Commiter/PPMC. .Signed-off-by:. (odftoolkit) Rob Weir. Comments:. (odftoolkit) Nick Burch. Comments:. (odftoolkit) Yegor Kozlov. Comments:. (odftoolkit) Tom Barber. Comments:. Clearly the project has some operational issues, both in active PMC members and mentors. I'll work with Svante on trying to setup regular releases and some marketing to try and . attract new members and we'll see where we go from there.IPMC/Shepherd notes.