Java modules that allow programmatic creation, scanning and manipulation of.OpenDocument Format (ISO/IEC 26300 == ODF) documents.ODF Toolkit has been incubating since 2011-08-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Get companies backing up the project as part of a commercial story, to. get a long-term momentum. 2. Do recurrent releases - some semi-automation would be helpful - for the. 3rd party users.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. How do we get people to test our release on the incubation list?. A general issue of the project is that it 'just' a toolkit of an office. file format, which in addition is far from leading the business market,. so likely never being used by the mass market - a very niche product. Still, the toolkit seems to be working well for most common use cases, but. is repeatedly updated by developers on changes of the ODF, like Red Hat. developers enhancing the ODF validator as part of LibreOffice regression. tests (e.g. out-of-the-box running on http://odf-validator.rhcloud.com/ most often quite ahead of one of the international ODF Plugfests -. http://odfplugfest.org/2016-paris/programme/. There are some game-changing features in the pipeline (e.g. collaboration) which are expected to strengthen the acceptance and develop. the community.How has the community developed since the last report?. We received with Tom Barber a new active Mentor.How has the project developed since the last report?. Update of documentation and bug fixing. Our release candidate is currently on a vote on the general incubator list.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2014-06-02.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2015-10-05 - Damjan Jovanovic for Committer/PPMC.Signed-off-by:. (odftoolkit) Nick Burch. Comments:. (odftoolkit) Yegor Kozlov. Comments:. (odftoolkit) Tom Barber. Comments:. Svante is still pretty much the sole developer but there are people. testing and voting on releases. We'll ship this release and figure out. how best to market it once the IPMC signs off on the release.