Java modules that allow programmatic creation, scanning and manipulation of.OpenDocument Format (ISO/IEC 26300 == ODF) documents.ODF Toolkit has been incubating since 2011-08-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Improve code generation from ODF XML grammar to reduce complexity .(sponsorship by German Government next Winter) . 2. Attract more developers - (collaboration scheduled for the end of .October) . 3. Fulfil the 1.0 version . .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. 	Several bug reports yet no new committers.How has the project developed since the last report?. Svante Schubert won for a second time sponsorship by German government's .prototypefund.org for next Winter. . His previous collaboration feature runs finally full-featured with green .regression tests on his GitHub fork, and was not yet merged into the main .branch.	Merge needs to be done before October, so the new sponsorship can .focus on source code generation from the ODF XML grammar loaded into Graph .Database (Apache Tinkerpop .	 . .Date of the last release:. 2017-04-10.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2017-08-02 - Michael Stahl.Signed-off-by:. (odftoolkit) Nick Burch. Comments:. (odftoolkit) Yegor Kozlov. Comments:. (odftoolkit) Tom Barber. Comments:. The podling continues good development under Svante's guidance, but .is certainly lacking other committers. That said, there is an active .community with people responding to questions and comments on the mailing .list. I hope the move to Gitbox helps.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.ODF Toolkit has moved source code development to GitBox/GitHub. The website .remains in SVN as it is tied together with Apache CMS.Given that this pooling has been in Incubation for seven years it is worth .considering retirement. Just yesterday there was a question about how ready .it is for production given that it has "-incubating" in the package names.Dave Fisher.