Sentry is a highly modular system for providing fine grained role based.authorization to both data and metadata stored on an Apache Hadoop cluster.Sentry has been incubating since 2013-08-08.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Release 1.5.1 to fix the issues with release 1.5.0: Missed voting on. @general and License issue. 2. Add roadmap page on wiki. 3. Initiate graduation discussion with community and address any concerns. raised.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Community is working on making 1.5.1 release to fix the previous release. issue. Most of the other issues raised during the last report have been. resolved:. 1. Updated incubator Sentry page: Update news,committers list and status. reports sections. 2. Fixed MarkMail link in sentry mailing_lists page. 3. Added Roles and responsibilities of committers and PPMC:. http://s.apache.org/xPU. 4. Updates to "How to release”. 4.1. Add release discussion step in how to release. 4.2. Create checklist for how to vote on release.How has the community developed since the last report?. Started having more discussions on the dev@ rather than specific jiras. We. had 115 messages on dev list last month. (Got number from. http://markmail.org/list/org.apache.sentry.dev.How has the project developed since the last report?. There were multiple bug fixes and some new feature work has started. About. 30 issues were created and about 20 resolved(Numbers from jira.Date of last release:. 2014-08-18.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Colin Ma, Dapeng Sun, Guoquan Shen and Xiaomeng Huang were added as. committers on 12/24/2014. No new PPMC members have been added since the. project has entered the incubator.Signed-off-by:. (sentry) Arvind Prabhakar. (sentry) Joe Brockmeier. (sentry) David Nalley. (sentry) Olivier Lamy. (sentry) Patrick Hunt. (sentry) Thomas White.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. P. Taylor Goetz:. . Mentors are engaged and have raised a number of issues for the project to address. prior to graduation. The Sentry community seems to be actively working on addressing. those issues. One issue (raised by mentor David Nalley) that seems yet to be addressed. is a lack of on-list discussions regarding project direction.