The Ranger project is a framework to enable, monitor and manage.comprehensive data security across the Hadoop platform.Apache Ranger has been incubating since 2014-07-24.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. Increase the Ranger contributors/committers across industry verticals. Establish a automated git check-in process to validate the check-in. patches for quality control (similar to Hadoop QA Add more documentation to support new users and contributors.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Added few more contributors. Vote for adding an additional committer is in progress with. private@ranger.incubator. Issues (JIRAs) created/resolved since last report (after Oct-01-2014. before Dec-30-2014):. Created: 115. Resolved: 100.How has the project developed since the last report?. Project Name has been renamed from "Apache Argus” to “Apache Ranger”. Three Release candidates were voted in dev community for Ranger-0.4.0. version and RC3 has been voted to be released in IPMC. First release of Apache Ranger 0.4.0 on Nov-17,2014. Apache Ranger 0.4.0 Release artifacts are published in. official dist directory. Ranger Documentation wiki Site. (https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/RANGER) has been added. Working on release of Apache 0.4.1 to avoid compilation issues related. to SNAPSHOT libraries in HBase and Hive dependencies. Working on adding more security functionalities for the next release,. Apache Ranger 0.5.0.Date of last release:. Nov-17-2014.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. none yet.Signed-off-by:. (ranger) Alan Gates. (ranger) Daniel Gruno. (ranger) Devaraj Das. (ranger) Jakob Homan. (ranger) Owen O'Malley.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. John D. Ament (johndament):. Ranger suffered a bit from a renaming issue that came up. Activity on. the lists is a little bit lighter since, but I'm sure will bounce back. I'm concerned over inability to access the wiki though, sent a note to. the podling to request proper access.