Apache Spot is a platform for network telemetry built on an open data model.and Apache Hadoop.Spot has been incubating since 2016-09-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Revive community activity (Discussion in mailing lists, increase . frequency of commits 2. Make it easier for Devs to contribute to the project (e.g. . documentation, framework. 3. Developing a workflow in Spot that allows for intuitive analytics.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We are currently down to 1 mentor. Although we put a request for an . additional mentor, we are not going to push the request until we wrap up . what we need to do for the next release. Once we have finished up work . and are ready to set up a vote we will push harder to invite another. mentor to help us with the process. We anticipate having a lot of. questions around the release process.How has the community developed since the last report?. Since having pushed through some stagnant pull requests we have noticed a . little more activity. We are trying out different ways to make it easier . for developers to contribute. We are talking to users to understand what . pieces of Spot are important to them.How has the project developed since the last report?. We have identified issues we think would block our release; mainly around . the ease of installation and use. We are doing some documentation . write-ups and code updates to make the Install process easier. We’re also. testing out setup on a VM with the aim to make it easier for developers to. contribute.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-09-08.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-01-18.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Holding off on pushing for more mentors until we are ready to start the . official release process.Signed-off-by:. (spot) Uma Maheswara Rao G. Comments: Project is seeking for additional mentors. .IPMC/Shepherd notes:.