Apache Spot is a solution stack that provides the capability to ingest IT.related telemetry (network flows, domain name service information and proxy.server logs) and provide unsupervised machine learning capabilities to.identify suspicious activity. The information is organized and presented.using operational analytics so that a security analyst can investigate the.most suspicious connections. Apache Spot is built on an open data model.using Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop.Spot has been incubating since 2016-09-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Move infrastructure and development to ASF (code, issues, mailing. list, . 2. Build diverse community. 3. Demonstrate ability to create releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. IPMC this point has been posted on the last two report, we have not. received any feedback in terms of how it goes, please comment. Please elaborate on the process for code scanning and IP reviews. On the. last report this was brought to attention but no communication was. received. .How has the community developed since the last report?. Community is pushing more aggressively on project interaction which is. good, by opening issues on ASF JIRA, some of them have been closed with. their respective PR for bug fixing. Also developers in Brazil are. proposing a new UI schema by their own, which once is voted will. incorporate as contribution/new functionality towards our first Apache. release. Adoption rate and popularity of the project has been recognized by. Industry receiving an award from Infoworld as Technology of the year and. also finalist on Edison Awards.How has the project developed since the last report?. The Spot team launched a new project webpage version which incorporate. the long term vision and objectives of Apache Spot, and also includes a. new documentation package which is similar in structure to other ASF. projects. Two new processes were published to explain on commits and how to open. issues, providing a structured frame that Community in general can follow. up in order to facilitate follow-up in combination of technology tools,. that can facilitate the life cycle continuity. During this period 14 pull request were merged over different pipeline. components , as committers work also on the new design for data storage. through non-relational database technologies. Also facilitating a quick demo of the project, we have updated our. container demo, and added automation in order to reflect those changes as. commits to UI are pulled to ASF Git repository.Date of last release:. N/A.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Last committer was elected on 1/24 .Signed-off-by:. (spot) Jarek Jarcec Cecho. (spot) Brock Noland. (spot) Andrei Savu. (spot) Uma Maheswara Rao G.