Apache Spot is a platform for network telemetry built on an open data model and Apache Hadoop.Spot has been incubating since 2016-09-23.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Revive community activity (Discussion in mailing lists, increase frequency of commitsMake it easier for Devs to contribute to the project (e.g. documentation, framework.Developing a workflow in Spot that allows for intuitive analytics.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.Unfortunately there has not been much more community activity. However, we are need of more committers as there are only a couple of active committers at this time. This creates a bottleneck which makes it hard for the community to grow in interest.How has the project developed since the last report?.There's been discussions on the dev list to merge the existing SPOT-181 ODM branch into the master branch so that its easier to use the Open Data Model within the existing architecture. This should avoid a lot of confusion among new community members in the future as most of the recent work as been done in the SPOT-181 branch. A series of PRs have also been evaluated and we're waiting for more votes before starting the merge process on those PR, and also the PR for moving SPOT-181 into master.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.2017-09-08.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2018-01-18.Have your mentors been helpful?.Yes our single mentor is responsive, however we only have one and may need 1 more to help.Signed-off-by:. (spot) Uma Maheswara Rao G Comments: I don't see much progress in community building. Very low activities on mailing lists. Also this project needs additional mentors.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: Please ask for more mentors the incubators general@ list.