Apache Spot is a platform for network telemetry built on an open data model and Apache Hadoop.Spot has been incubating since 2016-09-23.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Revive community activity (Discussion in mailing lists, increase frequency of commitsCreate a new roadmap and release plan that will improve adoption.Make it easier to contribute to the project (e.g. documentation, framework.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.There are community members that have reached out and are interested in contributing, but there are only a couple of active committers at this time. Currently the main hurdle for new contributors is the amount of effort required today to deploy Spot and build development environments.How has the project developed since the last report?.Open PRs with sufficient votes against the master branch and SPOT-181 epic have been merged. There's also been a substantial amount of work to categorize all of the open JIRAs into a Project board on Github to help the community more easily triage high priority issues, organize feature enhancements into future epics, clean-up closed tickets, and also group issues that require more information from the community before taking action. Additionally there's been some work to clean-up the asf-site branch, and minor updates (PRs are being pushed soon There's a larger project to re-organize the asf-site to make it easier for the community to update and add new pages, but that hasn't started yet.The project with the most priority going forward is to make Spot easier to deploy. There's a large learning curve for deploying Spot today, which makes it difficult for both users and committers to be successful when standing up Spot, using certain features, testing, and making contributions back into the project. Using Cloudbreak to stand-up an environment and deploying Spot as an Ambari package will help lower the barriers to entry for new and existing users and contributors alike. We expect during this project that we'll also uncover a number of deployment issues and incompatibilities along the way and by resolving these will also help bring confidence to users that this new deployment pattern will be better tested and reliable.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.2017-09-08.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2018-01-18.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Yes.Signed-off-by:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.