Apache Spot is a solution stack that provides the capability to ingest IT.related telemetry (network flows, domain name service information and proxy.server logs) and provide unsupervised machine learning capabilities to.identify suspicious activity. The information is organized and presented.using operational analytics so that a security analyst can investigate the.most suspicious connections. Apache Spot is built on an open data model using.Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop.Spot has been incubating since 2016-09-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Move infrastructure and development to ASF (code, issues, mailing. list, . 2. Build diverse community. 3. Demonstrate ability to create releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Based on initial feedback, process for issues was updated on the project. website, with primary objective to facilitate the workflow and interaction. with Community, and having diverse ownership of them until resolution. Slack channel has become very popular, however in order to adhere to ASF. official communications channels, those conversations that involve quick. question will be kept there, any extended discussion on code, pipeline, and. architecture, are being ported to Dev mail list. . There has been a concern to get continuous improvement of the UI on Apache. Spot, committers have been working on process to get UX interviews that. help to understand and address community and compliance needs.How has the project developed since the last report?. The project got a major architecture change in order to remove CSV’s,. offload storage from the OS file system and instead leverage HDFS (for. distributed architecture. Per community request through JIRA issue, and in order to facilitate the. installation/adoption of the project for scale deployments, an installation. script consolidating the ones that were built per pipeline component has. been pulled to repository, it will reduce the complexity of porting files. and configuration variables, by having a central point of deployment. Open Data Models, which serves as a framework for data sources. normalization, initially for ingestion, was ported through its. Specification to the project repository, this will bring more contributions. to facilitate the design of the NoSQL table, and then determine technology. selection through discussion and voting through mailing list.February Metrics:. +##-----+. | Metric | counts |. +##-----+. | Active Contributors (incl mentors)| 14 |. | Jira New Issues | 6 |. | Resolved Issues | 1 |. | Pull Requests merged | 3 |. | Pull Requests proposed | 3 |. +##-----+.Date of last release:. N/A.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Last committer was elected on 2/24.How does the podling rate their own maturity?. There was a strong focus on code delivery over the last quarter, towards. Apache release, community adoption keeps growing, now by adding a layer of. process for opening issues and commits, plus interaction over channels. we're bringing contributions from others, towards Apache release.Signed-off-by:. (spot) Jarek Jarcec Cecho. Comments:. (spot) Brock Noland. Comments:. (spot) Andrei Savu. Comments:. (spot) Uma Maheswara Rao G. Comments:.