Apache Spot is a platform for network telemetry built on an open data model and Apache Hadoop Spot has been incubating since 2016-09-23.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Revive community activity (Discussion in mailing lists, increase frequency of commitsCreate a new roadmap and release plan that will improve adoption.Make it easier to contribute to the project (e.g. documentation, framework.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.The number of active committers has increased over the past quarter, and we also have several new potential community members looking to become committers. We will work with our mentors to go through the process to onboard them.Much of the activity from the community has been focused on stabilizing the codebase and fixing known issues in the documentation and Spot website. This will greatly benefit new users and reduce confusion when standing up the Spot different modules.How has the project developed since the last report?.Several projects have been proposed, discussed, and completed during the past quarter. We're also working to close the remaining open PRs as soon once the community finishes its review. Additionally there were some Podling Website check failures in the Whimsy report that we began to look into and resolve. These should be mostly resolved by the next Podling report update.We've also begun discussions on the second version of the Open Data Model (ODM v2 There were several problems seen in the implementation with ODM v1 that need to be resolved before substantial adoption of Apache Spot can take place. Its our goal to come to a decision on the design of ODM v2 this next quarter. Once a data model redesign is agreed upon this will serve as a catalyst to modernizing other Spot modules so everything is properly integrated.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.2017-09-08.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-09-02 - Mark Schoeni.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes our mentors have been helpful. We will be engaging them more soon for guidance on on-boarding new committers, as well as a few other items related to the Whimsy and Clutch reports and also updating the Apache Spot Podling website as this is missing a number of updates.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Yes.Signed-off-by:. (spot) Uma Maheswara Rao G.Comments: There is some improvement on mailing lists recently. IMO, Still needs improvement in community development.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.