Apache Spot is a platform for network telemetry built on an open data model and Apache Hadoop.Spot has been incubating since 2016-09-23.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Increase community activity in mailing list and commits.Make the product more approachable for new contributors and users.Develop a roadmap that focuses on delivering one use case effectively.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.Not at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?.Our new contributors have helped us increase our capacity to fix and resolve issues. Our goal in the near future is to work with the community on a roadmap that will allow more contributors to focus and work on different levels of the project (i.e. data modeling and schema design, use-cases, ingestion, ml, ui, dev ops, docs, etc.How has the project developed since the last report?.We have increased our conformance with ASF podling policies by removing from the PPMC all who are not on the private mailing list. This has been the longest-standing caution against us.We have significantly revamped the project website with the object of making it more approachable for new contributors. We have used whimsy to ensure that all ASF requirements are complied with.We have captured all of the sample data used by the project and are now hosting them using ASF resources, instead of a third party AWS S3 link, which was hosted by unknown persons.We have cleared away a large development effort that was initiated by a large company but not completed, and no contributors appear to be ready to resume work on it. Discussions have been started to take this feature in a direction fulfilling different use cases.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2017-09-08.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2020-08-24 - We removed PPMC members who were not subscribed to the private mailing list and who did not respond to an email asking them to subscribe.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Are things falling through the cracks? If so, please list any open issues that need to be addressed.Our mentors have been helpful in onboarding new contributors, and in getting us the Whimsy and Clutch reports and updating the website so we more completely conform to ASF policy requirements for podlings.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Are 3rd parties respecting and correctly using the podlings name and brand? If not what actions has the PPMC taken to correct this? Has the VP, Brand approved the project name?.We have no knowledge of any issues with the brand or trademark.Signed-off-by:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.