Apache Spot is a platform for network telemetry built on an open data model and Apache Hadoop.Spot has been incubating since 2016-09-23.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Increase community activity in mailing list and commits.Make the product more approachable for new contributors and users.Develop a roadmap that focuses on delivering one use case effectively.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.Not at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?.We're continuing to work on a roadmap with the community that will allow more contributors to focus and work on different levels of the project (i.e. data modeling and schema design, use-cases, ingestion, ml, ui, dev ops, docs, etc.How has the project developed since the last report?.We've started regular weekly discussions around several topics, including configuration management, authentication, and authorization models within Spot so that we have a better backbone for adding more features and can also backport existing functionality to a stronger foundation. These discussions were delayed this quarter due to COVID and getting schedules aligned relative to other workloads so we don't have any proposals documented yet, but that is our next step.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.2017-09-08.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2020-08-24 - We removed PPMC members who were not subscribed to the private mailing list and who did not respond to an email asking them to subscribe.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Are things falling through the cracks? If so, please list any open issues that need to be addressed.Our mentors have been helpful in onboarding new contributors, and in getting us the Whimsy and Clutch reports and updating the website so we more completely conform to ASF policy requirements for podlings.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Are 3rd parties respecting and correctly using the podlings name and brand? If not what actions has the PPMC taken to correct this? Has the VP, Brand approved the project name?.We have no knowledge of any issues with the brand or trademark.Signed-off-by:. (spot) Uma Maheswara Rao G.Comments: This community needs few more mentors.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: Where are these weekly discussion taking place? Is what is discussed in them brought back to the mailing list?.