Zipkin is a distributed tracing system. It helps gather timing data needed.to.troubleshoot latency problems in microservice architectures.Zipkin has been incubating since 2018-08-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finalize committers ICLAs. 2. Migrate GitHub repositories. 3. Migrate website.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. NONE.How has the community developed since the last report?. The workshop has been held on 20th of September, 2018. The existing. community is slowly getting used to the new Zipkin home.How has the project developed since the last report?. The Confluence space has been created and large amount of content already. published, including designs, features and workshops. The discussions. around establishing the CI/CD processes are ongoing but currently on hold. due to Git repositories migration.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. Currently in progress are conversations to finalize the IP rights and Git. repository migration. The. number of core PPMC members have been added, a few more ICLAs are on the. way. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. N/A.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-09-24.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. The team is quite happy with mentors involvement so far.Signed-off-by:. (zipkin) Michael Semb Wever. Comments:. (zipkin) John D. Ament. Comments: The podling is struggling to get their code repos moved over. to the ASF. Presently blocked on a requirement to have all ICLAs and. SGA present, which isn't the norm for existing open source. (non-commercially donated) entities. Granted, we do this very. infrequent but it may be time for the foundation to formalize this. process a bit better so that other podlings don't run into similar. issues. (zipkin) Willem Ning Jiang. Comments:. (zipkin) Andriy Redko. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes: