Zipkin is a distributed tracing system. It helps gather timing data needed .to troubleshoot latency problems in microservice architectures.Zipkin has been incubating since 2018-08-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finalize the migration of the GitHub repositories. 2. Finalize the migration of website. 3. Assess the migration to Apache CI infrastructure (Jenkins.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. The podling is presently blocked on INFRA-16989.How has the community developed since the last report?. . The workshop has been held on 29th of October, 2018.How has the project developed since the last report?. The team started to look at Apache CI infrastructure (Jenkins) and assess . the fit to the project needs (comparing to Travis CI The Zipkin web. site has been already migrated to Jenkins job and automatically rebuilds. in case of changes.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. The IP rights/SGA and Git repository migration are still ongoing.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. N/A.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. . 2018-09-24.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Mick was instrumental in getting us "in the nick of time" progressed on . the otherwise block on SGA. He encouraged me towards sending a message. to the secretary and escalated later which allowed a last minute progress. Andriy helped with keeping spirit alive on dev list, review of wiki . content and also progressed our new committer Raja towards steps needed. for committership.Signed-off-by:. (zipkin) Michael Semb Wever. Comments: I would have listed the blockage on migrating the code . (INFRA-16989) under "issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF. Board wish/need to be aware of" as even though it's moving again,. this podling has barely moved for months because of it. (zipkin) John D. Ament. Comments: I agree with the issues around the code import and don't . understand how we can help them move past it. It seems that infra has . suddenly put a burden on secretary that isn't typical. (zipkin) Willem Ning Jiang. Comments: As we already get iCLAs and SGA, can we move the code in to . Apache?. (zipkin) Andriy Redko. Comments: The project struggles for a few months now to get the SGA . approved or/and accepted .(https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/INFRA-16989 by Apache. This is a significant source of frustration among the PPMCs . and community in general as the any further efforts are blocked.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.#---.SensSoft.Apache SensSoft is a generalized user behavioral logging platform for web .pages and .thin-client applications.Apache SensSoft has been incubating since 2016-07-13.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Extending release process to other parts of the SensSoft software . stack. 2. Grow the Apache SensSoft (Incubating) Committer/Community Base. 3. Complete the issues highlighted at the SensSoft Roadmap. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/SENSSOFT/Roadmaps.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. The community submitted 12 nominations for new Podling names. The names . are collected for easy reference on our confluence space [1]. JIRA tickets have been written to track progress on research on. PODLINGNAMESEARCH board [2]. .How has the community developed since the last report?. The community has been:. -discussing reaching out to other open source projects to identify other . potential communities (analytical technologies) to drive developments,. as well as increase interest in the Podling. -discussing research applications with university research labs in . machine learning and social computing.How has the project developed since the last report?. Project maturity roadmaps (Wiki) and version release plans (JIRA) . continue to be maintained. JIRA boards continue to be maintained.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-03-14.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Arthi Vezhavendan was added to PPMC and Committer base on 2017-01-24.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks?. Chris Mattmann and Paul Ramirez have been removed as mentors in the last . month. Lewis McGibbney has been extremely helpful and has actively participated . in our NAMESEARCH.Signed-off-by:. (senssoft) Lewis John McGibbney Comments:. [1] .https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/SENSSOFT/PODLINGNAMESEARCH . [2] .https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/SENSSOFT/issues/SENSSOFT-308?filter=.allopenissues