Zipkin is a distributed tracing system. It helps gather timing data needed.to troubleshoot latency problems in microservice architectures.Zipkin has been incubating since 2018-08-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finalize the first release of the Apache Zipkin (incubating) for. Apache Karaf. 2. Migrate other repositories to ASF Github organization. 3. Work towards releasing more Apache Zipkin (incubating) components once. migration is completed.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. The first release was very challenging. The Zipkin community found The. Apache Incubator established practices to be somewhat hostile and. unwelcoming for the newcomers. The community felt frustration and . demotivation to the the point that the issues had been raised for the. attention of the board.How has the community developed since the last report?. A lot of work has been done to get the first release out, by all means. a great achievement. The team and community is looking forward to see. the positive changes within Apache Incubator with respect to the. feedback provided.How has the project developed since the last report?. The team has mastered the Apache CI/CD infrastructure and was able to. quickly do the switch over for the first migrated repository. Also, the . team better understands how the incubation process works and what to. watch for.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2019-02-26.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2019-02-26.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed.Signed-off-by:. (zipkin) Michael Semb Wever. Comments:. (zipkin) John D. Ament. Comments: . (zipkin) Willem Ning Jiang. Comments:. (zipkin) Andriy Redko. Comments:. (zipkin) Sheng Wu. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes: