Trafodion is a webscale SQL-on-Hadoop solution enabling transactional or.operational workloads on Hadoop.Trafodion has been incubating since 2015-05-24.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Develop and diversify community and a deeper understanding of the. Apache Way. 2. Resolve remaining license conflicts and make our first Apache. (incubating) release. 3. Streamline incubator website, so that it is easy for new contributors. to get started.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Presented a talk at Apache: Big Data, 2015 in Budapest. Presented at NY Hadoop user group meetup. Roberta Marton has volunteered as Release Manager, for our first Apache. release. The release is planned for the second half of December. JIRAs being created by end users. 14 new members filed an iCLA indicating interest to contribute to. Trafodion, during the previous three months. User participation in public lists remains steady. 612@codereview,. 430@commits, 435@dev & 1364@issues during previous three months. In the last month alone we had 137@codereview, 105@commits, 204@dev &. 370@issues. Distinct culture shift -- discussions have moved out from private. distribution lists into public Apache distribution lists.How has the project developed since the last report?. Wiki migration complete. New pages added regularly. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/TRAFODION/. A website revamp is in progress. 18 authors have made 145 commits to master during previous three months. 45,084 line additions, 109,035 deletions. 18 authors made 51 commits. during November alone. 177 JIRAs created and 262 resolved during September-November 2015, with. 83 created/42 resolved in November alone. Held our first IPMC vote for a release, for which we got much valuable. feedback. We are currently addressing the issues and getting ready to. try again. Much effort has gone into simplifying the install and build processes.Date of last release:. We have not done a release of Trafodion since incubation.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Selvaganes Govindarajan, Anoop Sharma and Hans Zeller elected as. committers and PPMC members in November, 2015.Signed-off-by:. (trafodion) Devaraj Das. (trafodion) Enis Söztutar. (trafodion) Lars Hofhansl. (trafodion) Michael Stack.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.