the training project aims to develop resources which can be used for training purposes in various media formats, languages and for various Apache and non-Apache target projects. .Training has been incubating since 2019-02-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Agree upon underlying technology stack and architecture for training . content. 2. Develop first training topic contents. 3. Set up our contribution process.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. - no critical issues at this point in time.How has the community developed since the last report?. - The project has been set up recently, so there is an initial . activation/development towards a community. - The dev mailing list is active. Total number of posts in March were 160 . (+48 from March Total number of. subscribers is 28 (+3 from last month.How has the project developed since the last report?. - This is our first report covering a full month. - We have decided on a Website technology and we have had our first few . commits (LICENSE, README etc. - The scope of the project deliverables, core procedures, details regarding . website, and code management are still under discussion . - First offers of content donations have been made. - We welcomed our first regular contributor to the mailing list from . outside of the original list of contributors. - There are plans to talk about the project at both ApacheCons this year. There are lots of parallel discussions happening. We have made some initial . decisions (e.g. website) but there are lots of topics still left to be . discussed. The major one is on whether or not to chose a canonical . technology into which we want to convert our training material and the . organization thereof (e.g. multilingual content and acceptance of material . in different formats e.g. PowerPoint, Google Slides. The project is a bit different from most others which come with existing . code bases, existing communities. We have to start from "first principles" . so it's not unexpected that this takes a while.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. n.a.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. n.a.Signed-off-by:. (training) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (training) Craig Russell. Comments:. (training) Christofer Dutz. Comments:. (training) Lars Francke. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.