The Training project aims to develop resources which can be used for training purposes in various media formats, languages and for various Apache and non-Apache target projects.Training has been incubating since 2019-02-21.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Promote the information about Apache Training Project with increased participation from community.Create a tutorial on how the tools provided by this project can be used to create own content.Review current policies around contribution review and releases to find a pragmatic compromise.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.Unfortunately, not much has happened since the last report in February. We did add one new committer but other than that there has been hardly any activity. While we'd like to blame the current situation in the world for this it wouldn't be a fair assessment as we had the same problem in the previous period.We still believe the idea of the Training project is a good one and E-Mails are being responded to so the project is not dead. It's a lack of time and dedicated resources that is at least partly to blame for this situation. We hope that development will pick up again in the future.How has the community developed since the last report?.Activity on the dev list has declined even more since the last report with a total number of posts of 34 (most of which are automatted reminders.How has the project developed since the last report?.n/a.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.There are currently some issues with this podling that we are working to address, we believe that the issues are not yet critical and can be turned around from within the community but want to make the board aware of this early on. Community building.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.February 2020.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Mentors have been responsive and helpful when reached out to.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.The name search process has not yet been started, as there is still time to do that if and when graduation draws nearer. The PPMC is actively monitoring usage of the Podlings current name on other sites. The Podling is not directly affiliating with any sponsors donating content and presenting an independent image on the webpage.Signed-off-by:. (training) Craig Russell.Comments: Not much progress but still working. (training) Christofer Dutz.Comments:. (training) Justin Mclean.Comments:. (training) Lars Francke.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.