The Training project aims to develop resources which can be used for .training purposes in various media formats, languages and for various .Apache and non-Apache target projects. .Training has been incubating since 2019-02-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Agree upon underlying technology stack and architecture for training . content. 2. Develop first training topic contents. 3. Set up our contribution process.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. - no critical issues at this point in time.How has the community developed since the last report?. - The project has been set up recently, so there is an initial . activation/development towards a community. - The dev mailing list is active. The total number of posts in March was . 160 and in April 140. - Total number of subscribers is 32 (25 in March.How has the project developed since the last report?. - The scope of the project deliverables and core procedures are still . under discussion (e.g. what makes a release? - We have had our first few commits. They were for infrastructure (e.g. . website) and repository structure. - We have been approached by a few more people wanting to donate content . and we hope to be able to accept it soon. - We actually have the first issue for an actual content donation (Apache . Way, ZooKeeper and Git) and hope to have it included soon, the first ones . will probably be slow while we work on processes and best practices.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. n.a.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. n.a.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed.Signed-off-by:. (training) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (training) Craig Russell. Comments:. (training) Christofer Dutz. Comments:. (training) Lars Francke. Comments: Excited to finally discuss actual content!.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.