The Training project aims to develop resources which can be used for training purposes in various media formats, languages and for various Apache and non-Apache target projects.Training has been incubating since 2019-02-21.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Promote the information about Apache Training Project with increased participation from community.Create a tutorial on how the tools provided by this project can be used to create own content.Review current policies around contribution review and releases to find a pragmatic compromise.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.The Training Project has opened up the commit permissions to all the committers of Apache project to make is easy for experts in each area contribute to Apache Training presentations. This was announced in the last week of September 2020. This will open up the project for contributions from other Apache projects.How has the community developed since the last report?.Activity has increased since the last report. There were 144 posts in last 3 months. We have received queries for contributions from individual contributors.How has the project developed since the last report?.New training slides were added on three topics:.Apache Pulsar.Apache Samza.Apache Flink.PR activity has picked up momentum since the last report.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.There are currently some issues with this podling that we are working to address, we believe that the issues are not yet critical and can be turned around from within the community but want to make the board aware of this early on. Community building.Date of last release:.2020-09-18.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.February 2020.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Mentors have been responsive and helpful when reached out to.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.The name search process has not yet been started, as there is still time to do that if and when graduation draws nearer. The PPMC is actively monitoring usage of the Podlings current name on other sites. The Podling is not directly affiliating with any sponsors donating content and presenting an independent image on the webpage.Signed-off-by:. (training) Craig Russell.Comments:. (training) Justin Mclean.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.