The Training project aims to develop resources which can be used for training purposes in various media formats, languages and for various Apache and non-Apache target projects.Training has been incubating since 2019-02-21.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Promote the information about Apache Training Project with increased participation from community.Take the technology stack to become more user-friendly.Scout for more content and ingest it in the project.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.no critical issues at this point in time.How has the community developed since the last report?.The dev mailing list is active. Community is gaining traction with new contributors getting added to Apache Training project.The total number of posts in August 60, September 94, October 174. In October, some new contributors have started active discussions on the Training project. There are ongoing discussions to use Docker, and new kind of review commit model for content contribution.We created JIRA contributors group.How has the project developed since the last report?.We added more content to the Training project. E.g. Spark slides, Apache Ignite intro slides, Github workshop slides, ApacheCon slides.We also added a GitHub puzzle to Training content.We initiated work to Dockerize the tools used in project.We started new policy for reviewing content contribution.We have delivered our first release during which we ironed out a few issues.The release contains the training slides in Asciidoctor, so that these can be run as slideshow.The release followed the voting process and was made available on Github for general public.There were multiple talks about the Training project at both ApacheCons this year.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2019-10-04: Apache Training (incubating) - Navigating the ASF Incubator Process 1.0, Announce https://s.apache.org/9g5fl It can be viewed online here: https://s.apache.org/t4h7v.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. n.a.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Mentors were responsive. Things are not falling through the cracks.Signed-off-by:. (training) Christofer Dutz.Comments:. (training) Justin Mclean.Comments:.I'm concerned that lack of activity by the PPMC is resulting in slower community growth. (training) Lars Francke.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.