Tamaya is a highly flexible configuration solution based on an modular,.extensible and injectable key/value based design, which should provide a.minimal but extendible modern and functional API leveraging SE, ME and EE.environments.Tamaya has been incubating since 2014-11-14.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Extend Community. 2. Improve Documentation and release base components. 3. Graduate als TLP in 2017 after next releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.After our next releases and improving our homepage we'd like to graduate as a TLP in 2017.How has the community developed since the last report?. We have increasing feedback of use cases to be covered and also a few. bug reports, so Tamaya is used by developers and companies. Additionally we are doing regular bi-weekly hangouts and have defined a. well defined roadmap to release and restructure our project. Apart from that we gathered feedback from JavaOne 2016: official. Configuration JSR proposal and Anatole had a talk there. The conflicts that arose in the past seem to be solved as some of the. mentors and early committers have left the project. Since we've. established our hangouts we have the feeling of beeing more connect and. able to work towards a common goal.How has the project developed since the last report?. Apart from the main project we established new repositories to hold. extensions and sandbox modules. In order to get rid of the problematic. webpage generation we decided to start from scratch. In addition to making the API more smooth, we try to keep the base. repository/project as lean as possible and prepare a next release. Due to various technical issues (infrastructure behaves differently from. local builds and checkouts) we did not meet our deadline on getting a. release out by the end of October.Date of last release:. 2016-04-06.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Phil Ottlinger at 2016-04-24.Signed-off-by:. (tamaya) John D. Ament. (tamaya) David Blevins.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.johndament:. While the podling has had issues in the past around community growth, I am seeing them operate more consistently, with clear open discussions. I believe they're operating well and should be ready to graduate soon, if not already.