Tamaya is a highly flexible configuration solution based on an modular,.extensible and injectable key/value based design, which should provide a.minimal but extendible modern and functional API leveraging SE, ME and EE.environments.Tamaya has been incubating since 2014-11-14.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the PPMC from the existing community. 2. Make another Release. 3. Blog about Tamaya.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We'd like to graduate soon and plan some reworks to access a broader. audience and collect new contributors/people interested in the project.How has the community developed since the last report?. frequent bugreports and discussions via Jira/mailing list. new external contributions.How has the community developed since the last report?. frequent bugreports and discussions via Jira/mailing list. new external contributions.How has the project developed since the last report?. Bugfixes, changes, discussions going on.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:. 2017-05-28 0.3-incubating.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. P. Ottlinger at 2016-04-24.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. John is and was the onliest active mentor and answers questions or gives. hints for quite a while. As the project needs a wider audience, maybe mentors with interest in Ta. maya would be welcome.Signed-off-by:. (tamaya) John D. Ament. Comments: The podling hasn't executed a release in over a year, has . limited on list discussions. I would be cautious about graduating, . considering how small the community is. (tamaya) David Blevins. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Dave Fisher: They are currently looking to add committers. Assuming that they show more community and make one or two. releases then they are close to graduation.