Tamaya is a highly flexible configuration solution based on an modular,.extensible and injectable key/value based design, which should provide a.minimal but extendible modern and functional API leveraging SE, ME and EE.environments.Tamaya has been incubating since 2014-11-14.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the PPMC from the existing community. 2. Make another Release. 3. Blog about Tamaya.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We'd like to graduate soon.How has the community developed since the last report?. elected 2 new committers and onboarded them. discussions/we benefited from the Gitbox migration as it makes. contribution much easier.How has the project developed since the last report?. frequent bugreports and discussions via Jira/mailing list. new external contributions (code improvements, Jira issues, OSGi. bugfixes homepage overhaul.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-05-28 0.3-incubating.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-12: Aaron Coburn. 2018-12: William Lieurance.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. As the project needs a wider audience, maybe mentors with interest in. Tamaya would be welcome. Current mentors did not sign-off the report in February and did not . react on mails :-(.Signed-off-by:. (tamaya) John D. Ament. Comments: Podling is continuing to struggle. I strongly disagree with . the notion that this project is ready to graduate or nearing readiness. It . has not executed a release in 2 years, Development activity has definitely . increased in the past few months, and with the addition of 2 new committers . may see more sustained progress, but we need to ensure that this vitality . continues on. (tamaya) David Blevins. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.