Tamaya is a highly flexible configuration solution based on an modular,.extensible and injectable key/value based design, which should provide a.minimal but extendible modern and functional API leveraging SE, ME and EE.environments.Tamaya has been incubating since 2014-11-14.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. We need more active contributors. 2. We ​must ​provide support for Java EE​.​. 3. We ​must release more often.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.​ ​​No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Streamlining all features and preparingthe first release took more.​ ​time as​ originally suggested due to absences of​ key people involved.​ ​It has shown that​ additional committers are urgently needed. There were several ​that have shown interest,​ but unfortunately this.​ ​did not lead to​ ​additional contributors. We hope that presentations at ApacheCon,​ ​Devoxx and several other.​ ​conferences as​ well as articles at JAXenter and more will.​ ​help to improve the community until end of​ ​year.How has the project developed since the last report?. We have now an agreed core set of APIs and ​extensions that provide a. healthy and usefule base for the future. The extensions are all.​ well tested​ and documented​, so we should be able tome come up.​ if a good quality with our first release. The first release. 0.1-incubating is now in the vote on PMC, so we are. now on track to further wider community awereness for our. project. Anatole has a article series on the topic in the. biggest​ German technical paper and also will blog regularly.​ on it, once the release is out. As a star spec lead his. network should definitively help to grow community then.​.Date of last release:. None. But first release is discussed in the PMC as of now​,. so within the next 1-2 week it should be out​.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.​ ​See last report (no new committers or PMC members.Signed-off-by:. (tamaya) John D. Ament. (tamaya) Mark Struberg. (tamaya) Gerhard Petracek. (tamaya) David Blevins.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. johndament:. The small community came together quickly following existing ASF best . practices to get their first together. Thank you especially to Justin. Mclean for pre-reviewing the release to catch any issues. Once Tamaya. gets through some community growth, they will be well functioning.