IoTDB is a data store for managing large amounts of time series data such as timestamped data from IoT sensors in industrial applications.IoTDB has been incubating since 2018-11-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Learn to discuss things on the mailing list, rather than just post an ISSUE created or closed message, or discuss on Github.More committers should know how to release a version. And more PPMC should join to vote.Write more documentation to help new contributors.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.New contributors appears, e.g., HT Hou for PR527, liutaohua for PR578, yx-zhang for PR540, francisdu for ISSUE293, SilverNarcissus for PR327, nlosilva1 for PR298, Zesong Sun etc.According to github's records, there are 50 contributors now.New committer Jack Tsai.New PPMC: Julian Feinauer.Twitter account is created: Apacheiotdb.More than 137 mails are recorded on dev@ mailing list.How has the project developed since the last report?.IoTDB released v0.8.1. And vote for 0.9.0 has passed.IoTDB v0.9.0 fixed 16 bugs, introduced 31 new features and 27 improvements. (According to the statistics of 0.9.0's RELEASE_NOTEHow would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.The community is more diverse than before. As far as the reporter knows, the contributors come from more than 10 companies/organizers.More users begin to report the bugs, which means that more and more users are using IoTDB.According to the reporter's view, IoTDB is more stable and has better performance than before.Date of last release:.2019-10-30 (0.8.1.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-11-05 for new committer and 2019-11-07 for new PPMC.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Few PPMCs have permissions to maintain IoTDB JIRA (e.g., add label, close issues. The permission may need to be fixed.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Required Name Search is done. A google search didn’t show any major branding issues that the PPMC needs to deal with.Signed-off-by:. (iotdb) Justin Mclean.Comments: Growing well. (iotdb) Willem Ning Jiang.Comments: I can see IoTDB did lot of works to growing the community, it's in a right track now. (iotdb) Kevin A. McGrail.Comments: Great project and great community. Love to be a witness to their continued growth.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.