IoTDB is a data store for managing large amounts of time series data such as timestamped data from IoT sensors in industrial applications.IoTDB has been incubating since 2018-11-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.More active PPMC/Committers to join votes in the mailing list;.Get more user feedback;.More technical communications are welcomed to attract more committers joining the project deeply.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.Suggested by Mentor Christofer, we moved the JIRA notifications to a new mailing list notifications@. After that, there are 609 emails sent by 80 people, divided into 254 topics in these 3 months.4 new committers are elected (Dawei Liu, Wangminhao Gou, Yuyuan Kang, and XinWang), who come from 3 different companies/organizations.A new PPMC is elected (Jincheng Sun.Many new contributors joining us. For example, Giorgio Zoppi is working for TsFIle/IoTDB C++, Robinet integrated IoTDB with Apache Karaf, Xin Wang and Jincheng integrated IoTDB with Flink etc.The website is refactored.Now Google Search Engine can index it.The website provides a detailed User Guide and some System Designs both in English and Chinese.Meetup and other talk materials (slides and videos) are shared on the website.More documents to let users joining us （like Code of Conduct, How to be a committer, how to release, how to vote new committers, etc.) are provided on the website or the wiki.Dave Fisher shepherded us and pointed out some issues, and all of them are fixed.How has the project developed since the last report?.Two versions (v0.9.2 and v0.9.3) are released. They are done by two new Release Managers from the community.The project keeps active, there are 553 commits submitted by 43 authors in these 3 months. (using the gitstats tool to get the result: gitstats -c start_date=2020-03-01 REPO_NAME OUTPUT.IoTDB is integrated with Apache Karaf and Apache Flink.IoTDB supports MQTT protocol.IoTDB's cluster module is almost done. A PR is submitted.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.2020-04-13.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2020-05-18 for the last committer, 2020-05-14 for the last PPMC.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes, helpful and responsive.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Required Name Search is done. A google search didn’t show any major branding issues that the PPMC needs to deal with.Signed-off-by:. (iotdb) Justin Mclean.Comments: Thanks for the detailed report. Some of the stats in the report don't mean much to people outside you project. If you do include please explain why or what they illustrate. (iotdb) Christofer Dutz.Comments: I am also happy with the progress the project is making. (iotdb) Kevin A. McGrail.Comments: +1000.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.