IoTDB is a data store for managing large amounts of time series data such as.timestamped data from IoT sensors in industrial applications.IoTDB has been incubating since 2018-11-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Release the first version;. 2. Complement the left English documents and supply more design documents . to help new developers. . 3. Attract more contributors;.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. - no. .How has the community developed since the last report?. - The code repository has been transferred to the .` apache/incubator-iotdb` repository. - The website of `iotdb.apache.org` is updated: . (1) Document with English version is available;. (2) Other introduction pages, such as `Tools`, `Community` and .` Development` are updated. - Mail list:. (1) 490 emails sent by 26 people, divided into 350 topics; (318 mails . are from GitBox, for notifying code-review results. (2) a new mail list reviews@iotdb.apache.org is created;. (3) two new contributors are involved: Jiaye Wu, Felix Cheung;. - The community begin to use JIRA issues and Confluence. .How has the project developed since the last report?. - All source codes are re-organized: . (1) package names are changed to `org.apache.iotdb.`;. (2) All textual files are attached with ASF header;. - Apache Jenkins Pipeline was firstly passed at 2019.01.22. - 13 issues are opened on JIRA, 3 of them are closed;. - hundreds of vulnerabilities and thousands of code smells are detected . by Sonar, 2/3 of them are fixed;. - 34 PR are submitted on Github, 24 of them are closed; 10 of them are in . code-review process.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. - newborn.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. - N/A.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. - N/A.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. - very Helpful.Signed-off-by:. (iotdb) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (iotdb) Christofer Dutz. Comments:. (iotdb) Willem Ning Jiang. Comments:. (iotdb) Joe Witt. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.