IoTDB is a data store for managing large amounts of time series data such as.timestamped data from IoT sensors in industrial applications.IoTDB has been incubating since 2018-11-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Release the first version;. 2. refactor codes which are hard to understand for new developers, and. supply more design documents to help new developers. 3. Attract more contributors;.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. - no.How has the community developed since the last report?. - 4 new contributors joined the community: review and modify the English. documents, add Apache Calcite adaptor demo, and discuss in the mailing . list. - Mailing list:. -- dev@mailing list: 59 emails are sent, and can be divided into 18. threads (Apache Jenkins Pipeline notifications are exclude -- reviews@mailing list: more than 420 mails are sent, for code review. and new branch creation notifications.How has the project developed since the last report?. - 48 PR are proposed totally, and 42 PR are merged. - 16 authors have pushed 50 commits to master and 110 commits to all. branches. - 31 issues (bugs, and feature requests) are logged on JIRA, 15 of them. are resolved. - Dockerfile is created, which can attract more users to try IoTDB.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. - The project is growing.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. - N/A.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. - N/A.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. - very Helpful.Signed-off-by:. (iotdb) Justin Mclean. Comments: More effort needs to be made to have conversations on list. (iotdb) Christofer Dutz. Comments:. (iotdb) Willem Ning Jiang. Comments:. (iotdb) 	Kevin McGrail. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Christofer Dutz: Allmost no discussions on list, requested the podling to . move discussions to the dev list. Dave Fisher: It looks like Christofer's request is successful so far. No . discussion yet if any contributors are looking like good committers/PPMC. members.