IoTDB is a data store for managing large amounts of time series data such as timestamped data from IoT sensors in industrial applications.IoTDB has been incubating since 2018-11-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Learn to how to release a formal version;.Declare a clear release roadmap;.Attract more contributors joining the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.We can find that IoTDB is becoming a new choice when users need a time series database. New users from UCI (IoTDB-104), Sangfor Inc., University of Liverpool (IoTDB-94) etc. are testing and proposing issues for IoTDB.How has the project developed since the last report?.IoTDB is more stable than before. Now it works well on a VM provided by Apache (iotdb-vm.apache.org.A distributed version is almost done (in the 'cluster branch'.In the last 3 months, we opened 78 JIRA issues and resolved/closed 40 JIRA issues. Created Resolved Mar 2019 42 26 Apr 2019 15 6 May 2019 21 8.In the last 3 months, we merged/closed 107 PRs in Github (seen at Jun.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary.Working towards first release.Date of last release:.N/A.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.N/A.Have your mentors been helpful?.Yes.Signed-off-by:. (iotdb) Justin Mclean Comments: Needs to be more on-list communication. There report mentions new users, where is this communication taking place?. (iotdb) Christofer Dutz Comments: I agree that there is almost no communication on the list. I have mentioned this quite a number of times before, communication tends to increase for a few days but drops to almost 0 a few days later. Also I would have liked to read about how the COMMUNITY has developed, not the project. (iotdb) Willem Ning Jiang Comments: We could encourage the developer to share their ideas through the mailing list. (iotdb) Kevin A. McGrail Comments: Would like to see more discussion on the lists and people suggesting bug fixes being asked to join the community. Like the list of the issues preventing release.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.