IoTDB is a data store for managing large amounts of time series data such as timestamped data from IoT sensors in industrial applications.IoTDB has been incubating since 2018-11-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Make the community (both the contributors and committers/PPMCs) more diverse and learn to discuss things on the mailing list.More committers should know how to release a version.Write more documentation to help new contributors.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.Some new contributors joined the community. E.g., PR#339 comes from a new contributor and it is really an interesting feature.Some contributors (who are not committers yet) are more active than before. E.g., Boris Zhu and Jack Tsai.More users began to report their issues. E.g., issue #171, #184 and #186.As all the above contributions and contributors are not from the institutions/companies where initial committers are, we think it is a good signal that indicates more guys noticing the community.How has the project developed since the last report?.IoTDB releases its first Apache version: v0.8.0 !.IoTDB is more stable and the performance is far better than before. However, the version is incompatible with previous version (which are released before IoTDB is denoted to ASF.In v0.8.0, many issues are resolved (see release notes: http://iotdb.apache.org/#/Materials/Release%20NotesHow would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2019-08-25.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-07-15.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.They are helpful, especially in the process of releasing the first version.Signed-off-by:. (iotdb) Justin Mclean.Comments: Good to see your first release out, but more active involvement by the PPMC is needed in veting releases. While it improved, still more discussion needs to happen on the mailing list. (iotdb) Christofer Dutz.Comments: I really would like to see more mailing list usage, cause the number of commit messages is in strong contrast to the discussions. I as a mentor some time don't have a clue what the project is working on. (iotdb) Kevin A. McGrail.Comments: Congrats on 0.8.0!!!!!.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.