Wave is rich, web-based, distributed, collaboration platform that allows.users to interact in near real time. The wave platform includes a.web-based user interface containing an rich-text. The system is.extendable though widgets, robots, and editor doodads. The Wave In a Box.implementation is developed in java using a variety of web technologies.such as Web Sockets, Java Script, GWT, and supported by an operational.transform based conflict resolution algorithm. Wave has been incubating.since December of 2010. Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation.1. Performing an initial release (currently in progress.We have started the release process, but it has stalled. we were first dealing.with the large amount of files with incorrect copyright headers. That has been.largely overcome. However we are still struggling with the possible need to.obfuscate third party jars with less than compatible licenses. The technical.and legal implications of this still need to be addressed.2. Updating the web site and online documentation.The web site does not have very much useful information on it. Most.Information is scattered on the old google-code and waveprotocol.org.sites. Prospective users and developers are constantly asking for.Where the documentation is.3. Increasing developer / community contributions.While we are making progress in this area, we need more contributors.We believe that taking care of #1 and #2 will help with this. Building.an active community is difficult, but very important. Issues for the PMC / ASF Board.None at this time. How has the community developed since the last report.The community as added two new committers in that last several months (Ali.Lown and Vicente J. Ruiz Jurado Additionally, we have seen an increase.in the number of code reviews and mailing list traffic. How has the project developed since the last report.Several Jira issues have been resolved and a few enhancements have been made.We are making progress towards an initial release.Signed-off-by: Upayavira.IPMC comments:.rgardler: the confusing note about "obfuscating binaries" in the Wave report was picked up by Benson and taken to the project and IPMC lists. It seems to be cleared up now. It was a matter of weak-copyleft build-time dependencies. It looks like the term "obfuscate" is incorrectly used in this context, but the community is now set to move forwards.