A wave is a hosted, live, concurrent data structure for rich communication. It can be used like email, chat, or a document.Wave has been incubating since 2010-12-04.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make a release (stalled.The licensing issues have been resolved, and build scripts have been.put into the repository. Documentation (see 2) is missing, after which.point we can finalize a commit suitable for release. 2. Improve documentation.This is currently scattered between the old WaveProtocol site, the.mailing list, and elsewhere. It needs to be pruned (of no-longer.relevant documentation), structured and put on the wiki. 3. Increase community size.We are lacking any contributors who are able to make/support large.code changes at the moment. A release should help increase wider.knowledge of the project, to hopefully bring in more development.support.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?.None at this time. (Though see Shepard's notes.How has the community developed since the last report?.The mailing list traffic continues to consist of new people asking.questions about setting-up/running a WIAB server. (Which could be.resolved by #2 Other than that, mostly stagnation.How has the project developed since the last report?.Some progress towards a release (licensing) has been made.Internationalization support has been added.Please check this when you have filled in the report for Wave.Signed-off-by:.Santiago Gala: (waveUpayavira: (waveAndrus Adamchik: (waveVincent Siveton: (waveBen Laurie: (wave.Christian Grobmeier: (Note: I am NOT a mentor, but i follow the project and due to timing issues I would like to confirm this report.Shepherd notes:.grobmeier: The project is very silent with less commit activity (last commit before 5 weeks Even when the committers are usually responsive on mailing-lists it is very clear that nobody there can spend enough time to actually drive Wave forward. The next weeks the question needs to be asked if the Incubator goals can ever be reached or if GitHub would be a better home for Wave. A new committer has been elected before a couple of months but the situation didn't change. The missing project report does unfortunately reflect the situation. From Mentor side of view, only Upayavira is actively and constructively contributing to the project. Actually the other mentors should be asked if they are still interested in mentoring Wave.