Wave is rich, web-based, distributed, collaboration platform that allows.users to interact in near real time. The wave platform includes a.web-based user interface containing an rich-text. The system is.extendable though widgets, robots, and editor doodads. The Wave In a Box.implementation is developed in java using a variety of web technologies.such as Web Sockets, Java Script, GWT, and supported by an operational.transform based conflict resolution algorithm. .Wave has been incubating since 2010-12-04.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finish the initial release. 2. Continue increasing the community size. 3. Improve documentation for new users.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?.None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?.The last month has seen significantly increased activity on the mailing list regarding long-term visions on where the Wave project should be heading, with an influx of new people (mostly as potential users) discussing how they can help the project. At one of their suggestions, a public discussion was held to help with Wave's publicity, with the aim to bring more people to the project.How has the project developed since the last report?.Much progress has been made towards an initial release (named 0.4), with RC2 and RC3 having votes on the wave-dev list. RC3's vote ends on the 8th June and is looking likely to be submitted for a vote on the general incubator list within the next few days.Meanwhile development has continued on the trunk, receiving 5 review requests with the last week from 3 different people (2 new to the project.The documentation has also seen work, with 3 people have been granted wiki access to help.Date of last release: N/A.Please check this when you have filled in the report for Wave.Signed-off-by: .Santiago Gala: (waveUpayavira: (waveAndrus Adamchik: (waveVincent Siveton: (waveBen Laurie: (wave.Shepherd notes:.The report is very accurate and Wave is actually ways more active than before. All ideas of moving it to the attic/github should be delayed, as the project might have a chance to succeed, if the activity persists. From the mentors, only Upayavira is active. Not heard of any of the others the past period. (grobmeier