Wave is rich, web-based, distributed, collaboration platform that allows.users to interact in near real time. The wave platform includes a.web-based user interface containing an rich-text. The system is.extendable though widgets, robots, and editor doodads. The Wave In a Box.implementation is developed in Java using a variety of web technologies.such as Websockets, Javascript, GWT, and supported by an operational.transform based conflict resolution algorithm. .Wave has been incubating since 2010-12-04.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make the initial release. 2. Extend the community. 3. Decide on the future of the existing codebase.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. Following the busyness noted in the last report, the community has since. returned to a relatively quiet state. Last month, a second public. discussion (on Hangouts) was held, to extend Wave's public image. Some. experiments using volunteers from the community, to test out possible. changes to the OT algorithm, have been planned.How has the project developed since the last report?. Following on from 0.4-RC3 being rejected at the Incubator list. Work on. 0.4-RC4 has been completed (albeit fairly slowly), with a request for. review for RC4 posted to the Wave-dev list only a few days ago. This. addressed the remaining licensing problems, and merged in some of the trunk. development that had occurred in the meantime (new translations, federation. fixed. Some questions have been asked about the future of the existing codebase. beyond the 0.4 release, with a rewrite looking preferred if enough. development time can be secured.Date of last release:. N/A. .When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. The last 2 committers were elected around 30th June 2013.Signed-off-by: . (wave) Christian Grobmeier. (wave) Upayavira.Shepherd notes:.Mentor notes:. Ben Laurie and Vincent Siveton have stepped down as Mentors, leaving the. project with two active mentors. Currently this is not an issue. (christian)