OpenAz is a project to create tools and libraries to enable the.development of Attribute-based Access Control (ABAC) Systems in a.variety of languages. In general the work is at least consistent with.or actually conforming to the OASIS XACML Standard.OpenAZ has been incubating since 01-2015.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:.1. Increasing community involvement: We are focusing on getting.information.published on the website to aid the acquisition and orientation of new.contributors,.as well increasing the number of committers, in order to reduce.individual member.workload, reduce reliance on any particular member, and to increase.project velocity. David Ash was voted in as a committer last month.There are several other committers that may be added in the near future.2. Merging the source code from AT&T, JP Morgan and Oracle and creating.POMs. AT&T and JP Morgan source code has been merged and POMs created,.it needs uploading into the Apache repository. AT&T and JP Morgan ICLAs were received, but Oracle is taking more time. The IP clearance is on it's way.3. Get our first release done.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.None. The efforts to revive the project seem to be paying off and discussions are gaining traction.How has the community developed since the last report?.Pam Dragosh, David Ash and Ajith Nair are the active committers at this point. The project intends to reboot the PPMC which may include removing.some of the initial commiters who are no longer active. There are, however, several contributors who could be potentially added as committers in the future.How has the project developed since the last report?.1. Ongoing collective effort to improve project documentation, marketing material for better visbility and adoption.2. A pending contribution towards PEP implementation is being reviewed and we plan to merge in these changes soon.3. We are looking into design feedback/comments from Nextlabs - a XACML service provider. We hope to incorporate many of these in the coming weeks.Date of last release:.N/A.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.One new committer was elected Tuesday, May 3rd.We have several interested folks in working on the project:. - Yannick Grignon. - Farasath Ahamed. - Inge Olaisen. - Carlos Perez. - Remon Sinnema.Signed-off-by:. (openaz) Emmanuel Lecharny. (openaz) Colm O Heigeartaigh. (openaz) Hadrian Zbarcea.