NetBeans is a development environment, tooling platform and application.framework.NetBeans has been incubating since 2016-10-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Relicensing of files to ASF. 2. Completion of NOTICE and LICENSE files. 3. Increase the involvement of the community in release tasks.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.- Various discussions ongoing on Apache NetBeans dev mailing list.- First pull requests have been received and community has been reviewing them.- At NetBeans meetup in Munich, Sven Reimers, an Apache NetBeans committer, demoed Java 9 features (e.g., Jigsaw, JShell, JLink) in Apache NetBeans.How has the project developed since the last report?.- SGA has been provided by Oracle and accepted by Apache.- Apache Git repo now contains the 1st code donation, 2 more being worked on, consisting of around 45,000 files and 4 million LOC.- Mirroring has been set up via GitHub.- Around 29000 files have been relicensed to Apache via a converter tool created by Jan Lahoda, an Apache NetBeans committer.- Repo has been set up for tools, e.g., the converter tool referenced above: https://github.com/apache/incubator-netbeans-tools.- Initial README, NOTICE, and LICENSE have been created and pushed.- Jenkins build jobs have been set up and are working.- Rat integration has been set up and is working as part of the build process.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. No release yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Only initial committers, no additional voting has been done.Signed-off-by:. (netbeans) Ate Douma. Comments:. (netbeans) Bertrand Delacretaz. Comments:. (netbeans) Daniel Gruno. Comments:. (netbeans) Mark Struberg. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament: Now that they have their first SGA, podling is getting their feet wet in true ASF processes to get a release out the door. On list activity is great.