NetBeans is a development environment, tooling platform and application .framework.NetBeans has been incubating since 2016-10-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Completion of Maturity Model Assessment: . .https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/NETBEANS/Apache+Maturity+Model+A.ssessment+for+NetBeans . 2. Understanding other steps that need to be taken, e.g., put together a . list of PMC members. 3. Vote to graduate.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. - Received Duke's Choice Award 2018 at Oracle Code One conference: . https://blogs.apache.org/netbeans/entry/duke-s-choice-award-2018. - Several community members presented about NetBeans at Oracle Code One . 2018: . https://blogs.apache.org/netbeans/entry/apache-netbeans-at-oracle-code. - Currently 651 (622 in last report) on Apache NetBeans users mailing . list and 455 (438 in last report) on Apache NetBeans dev mailing list.How has the project developed since the last report?. - 3rd donation, focused on tutorials and images, and related ancillary . items, has been completed. - netbeans.org redirects as far as possible to netbeans.apache.org, once . documentation is moved and rehoused, it can redirect completely to . netbeans.apache.org. - Apache NetBeans (incubating) 10.0 final has been released, with many . thanks to Laszlo Kishalmi, our fearless release manager.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. [ X ] Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-12-27 Apache NetBeans (incubating) 10.0 final release.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. PPMC member Arunava Sinha elected on October 20, 2018.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Yes, very helpful and supportive.Signed-off-by:. (netbeans) Ate Douma. Comments:. (netbeans) Bertrand Delacretaz. Comments: Looking forward to graduation!. (netbeans) Daniel Gruno. Comments:. (netbeans) Mark Struberg. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Humbedooh: Seeing good progress in the podling moving towards graduation. .There are still issues to address, and ways to teach, but the project .community seem very willing to learn and adapt.