SDAP is an integrated data analytic center for Big Science problems.SDAP has been incubating since 2017-10-22.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make official SDAP (Incubating) Release. 2. Improve/create user guide documentation. 3. Grow Community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. A member of the SDAP podling stepped up to the release manager role which. is great. It shows the the podling is maturing. Unfortunately, the release candidate which was produced was not in. compliance with the ASF release policy, thankfully Justin highlighted. this and we are in the process of rolling the RC back. Lewis (SDAP . champion) and the release manager are working to resolve this and get the. first incubating release candidate finished.How has the community developed since the last report?. Two VOTE's have been made over on private@sdap regarding extending. PPMC and Committership to two community contributors. This is very. positive.How has the project developed since the last report?. SDAP is on the verge of it's first release. With some persistence. the podling will have a release candidate for community VOTE soon.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other: One the release management process is documented we will be. pushing for graduation.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Elizabeth Lam was elected on 2019-02-06. Maya DeBellis was elected on 2019-02-06.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Yes mentors have been responsive providing answers.Signed-off-by:. (sdap) Jörn Kottmann. Comments:. (sdap) Suneel Marthi. Comments:. (sdap) Lewis John McGibbney. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Dave Fisher: Most of the PPMC listed in Whimsy is not subscribed to . private@. The number of developers on the dev list is small. A little too . soon to be thinking about graduation if you ask me. Justin Mclean: The IPMC usually likes to see 2 or 3 releases happen . before the project consider graduation.