Annotator provides annotation enabling code for browsers, servers, and.humans.Annotator has been incubating since 2016-08-30.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Achieving active development cadence. 2. Attracting new contributors. 3. Establishing presence (web, repo, activity.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Beginning work within the ASF has been slow (and rather. confusing Mailing list activity has improved, but still low. volume. Development priorities are still being discussed. We do now. have repositories for code and the website, but are blocked by needing. access to them--the request as been made to the general@incubator. list. However, we have successfully gotten Jira and Confluence setup. for the project and have a promotional web page ready and waiting once. access has been granted. Making the incubation process clearer (and. ideally more automated) would have saved a lot of time and confusion. That said, our Champion (Daniel Gruno), has been most helpful in. helping us navigate.How has the community developed since the last report?. Discussions have begun on development priorities. Infrastructure. helped us resolve some outstanding project setup needs (Jira,. Confluence, and git for the web site and code Once the site is. online, we intend to promote the community more and make concrete. plans out of the proposals made on the mailing list so far.How has the project developed since the last report?. Same as above. Mostly discussion and infrastructure/access setup--some. still in progress.Date of last release:. None.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None since start of incubation.Signed-off-by:. [](annotator) Nick Kew. (annotator) Brian McCallister. (annotator) Daniel Gruno. (annotator) Jim Jagielski.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.Drew Farris (shepherd): One mentor active on mailing lists and another's. assistance is referenced in the board report. Annotator is still. getting off the ground. Observed recent mailing list activity seeking. to set a path forward for the project.