Annotator provides annotation enabling code for browsers, servers, and .humans.Annotator has been incubating since 2016-08-30.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Release initial versions. 2. Add active contributors. 3. Demonstrate good governance through voting on process improvements.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. The last quarter saw the departure of a couple previous mentors (due to . their overall. workloads being too high in general They have been replaced by two new . mentors. who are getting familiar with Apache Annotator and its needs.How has the community developed since the last report?. We remain a small (probably too small) team, and continue to reach out to . potential. contributors--folks who had expressed interest in building the Apache . Annotator community. and code, but who have yet to participate. We will be doing more to . encourage more. involvement in 2019--especially leading up to http://iannotate.org/ (a . significant annotation focused event.How has the project developed since the last report?. Coding and discussion activity have continued to remain at low levels. We . will be working. on setting some achievable targets for features and release in 2019 in . hopes of moving that needle.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. [-] Working towards first release. [-] Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. N/A.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Last committer was added in August. That same committer is now on the PMC . as of November.Signed-off-by:. (annotator) Nick Kew. Comments: Memory is hazy (I've been unwell the past week I think . the above is a fair summary: the successful effort to recruit new mentors . was a positive episode. The subject of growing the PMC has been raised, . and the project wishes to distinguish between those with a real interest . (PMC) vs those whose contributions may have been of a more drive-by nature . but who might nevertheless be made committers. (annotator) Steve Blackmon. Comments:. (annotator) Tommaso Teofili. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Justin Mclean: Are there any plans to make a release? Incubating for 2. years without a release is a long time. Can you also state if your. mentors have been helpful.