Annotator provides annotation enabling code for browsers, servers, and .humans.Annotator has been incubating since 2016-08-30.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:. 1. Release initial versions. 2. Add more active contributors. 3. Community growth in general.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Community growth for our project has been much slower than expected. We . are aiming. to ship a release and add at least one committer prior to the next board . report. We will. also be discussing the project's scope and future and trying one last . time to (re)build the. interest and community we'd had during the W3C's Web Annotation Working . Group days. (and the time prior when Annotator.js and Open Annotation were in full . swing.How has the community developed since the last report?. The immediate Apache Annotator community has remained quiet,. but interest in Web Annotations (and surrounding technology/specs has increased. We hope to tap into some of that new activity in this. second quarter of 2019. Additionally, we hope to do further community. outreach in person at the upcoming I Annotate event in May:. http://iannotate.org/.How has the project developed since the last report?. Code and community show minimal (if any) progress. The projects focus. may be too narrow or the audience for our current DOM libraries may be. too small to achieve frequent activity at this point. We did begin an . effort. to expand the scope of the project slightly to include server-side code. and Web Annotation Data Model testing, but interest so far has remained. minimal.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. [-] Working towards first release. [-] Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. N/A.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Last committer was added in August. That same committer is now on the . PMC as of November.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. We did welcome our two new mentors, but have not had follow-up. conversations as a community to (re)focus the group since then. We. hope to change that in the coming weeks as we look toward promoting. the project again at the upcoming I Annotate 2019 conference.Signed-off-by:. [](annotator) Nick Kew. Comments: Not really anything to add to the above. (annotator) Steve Blackmon. Comments:. (annotator) Tommaso Teofili. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Dave Fisher: This looks like a reasonable assessment of activity. Let's see . if community engagement increases. after the event in May. The July report looks like the point to make a . decision .