Annotator provides annotation enabling code for browsers, servers, and humans.Annotator has been incubating since 2016-08-30.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Release initial versions (should happen this week!Increase activity from current committers and community.Demonstrate good governance through voting and learning the Incubator process (some more.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?.Community activity was quiet. However, code is underway for a first release to be ready in the coming week(s) which we hope will increase interest and activity.How has the project developed since the last report?.Code for a first release is hoped to be available in the coming days with more community members participating in review and critique. Additionally, work in the W3C's ARIA (accessibility) Working Group and on various browser vendor repositories has highlighted new annotation related activity and opportunity for this project. Sadly, we've mostly failed at raising awareness on the list, so the communities "radar" looks quieter than it should.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.None yet, but we hope to release before the end of November 2019.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.No new committers nor PPMC members have been added since the last report.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.No check-ins with/from/by mentors in the last 4 months, but we should do one over email within this next quarter.Signed-off-by:. (annotator) Nick Kew.Comments:. (annotator) Tommaso Teofili.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: Please provide the dates that you last voted in committers and PPMC members even ion this hasn't happen in the last reporting period. The project has been 3 years in incubator why has it taken so long to made a release? Can we expect faster progress in the future?.