Apache Open Climate Workbench (Incubating) is an effort to develop software that performs climate model evaluation using model outputs from a variety of different sources (the Earth System Grid Federation, the Coordinated Regional Downscaling Experiment, the U.S. National Climate Assessment and the North American Regional Climate Change Assessment Program) and temporal/spatial scales with remote sensing data from NASA, NOAA and other agencies. The toolkit includes capabilities for regridding, metrics computation and visualization. .Open Climate Workbench has been incubating since 2013-02-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Develop an Apache community for Open Climate Workbench and connect to other relevant Apache efforts (Tika, Hadoop, SIS, OODT 2. Make an initial release. 3. Add new contributors to the project.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?.None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?.The project is still adding members of the initial project proposal. So far 71% of the proposal initial committers on the projects have ICLAs on file and accounts either already or under processing. 29% of the project committers (8 people) are still working on filing their ICLAs. Chris Mattmann is working to get these accounts opened.How has the project developed since the last report?.Chris filed INFRA-5874 to bootstrap the podling. All mailing lists are setup, and now archiving, SVN repo has been created and is underway. The site has been created (using the CMS) by Suresh Marru. .Chris is also working with Craig Russell on filing a Software Grant for the RCMES initial codebase drop. As of Thursday March 14, 2013, the grant has been filed in r40293 of the foundation repository.Please check this when you have filled in the report for Open Climate Workbench.Signed-off-by:.Chris Mattmann: (openclimateworkbenchSuresh Marru: (openclimateworkbenchChris Douglas: (openclimateworkbenchNick Kew: (openclimateworkbench.Shepherd Comments:.None.