Apache Open Climate Workbench (Incubating) is an effort to develop software that performs climate model evaluation using model outputs from a variety of different sources (the Earth System Grid Federation, the Coordinated Regional Downscaling Experiment, the U.S. National Climate Assessment and the North American Regional Climate Change Assessment Program) and temporal/spatial scales with remote sensing data from NASA, NOAA and other agencies. The toolkit includes capabilities for regridding, metrics computation and visualization. .Open Climate Workbench has been incubating since 2013-02-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Develop an Apache community for Open Climate Workbench and connect to other relevant Apache efforts (Tika, Hadoop, SIS, OODT 2. Make an initial release. 3. Add new contributors to the project.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?.None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?.We're up to 79% (22) of the initial project members having ICLAs on file and accounts. We've got 21% more (6) people still who have yet to submit their ICLA.Chris Douglas and Chris Mattmann have reached out to Chris Jack and Bruce Hewitson and are working on getting those 2 ICLAs so we can process their accounts.How has the project developed since the last report?.INFRA-5874 is pretty much done, the big thing we're waiting on now is the SVN import of the RCMES codebase. The SGA is on file as of Thursday March 14, 2013,.so we're ready to go there. Infra needed a checksum file and evidence that we have an SGA to do the import, so we provided that information on INFRA-5966, .so should be loaded into SVN any day now.There was some limited discussion about others with the Climate name in their software -- after discussion with Shane,.this was deemed not a problem.Once we get the code base into SVN, all of the RCMES folks who have been working on the project at JPL will conduct all development at Apache.Please check this when you have filled in the report for Open Climate Workbench.Signed-off-by:.Chris Mattmann: (openclimateworkbenchSuresh Marru: (openclimateworkbenchChris Douglas: (openclimateworkbenchNick Kew: (openclimateworkbench.Shepherd notes:.