Apache Open Climate Workbench (Incubating) is an effort to develop software that performs climate model evaluation using model outputs from a variety of different sources (the Earth System Grid Federation, the Coordinated Regional Downscaling Experiment, the U.S. National Climate Assessment and the North American Regional Climate Change Assessment Program) and temporal/spatial scales with remote sensing data from NASA, NOAA and other agencies. The toolkit includes capabilities for regridding, metrics computation and visualization. .Open Climate Workbench has been incubating since 2013-02-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Develop an Apache community for Open Climate Workbench and connect to other relevant Apache efforts (Tika, Hadoop, SIS, OODT 2. Make an initial release. 3. Add new contributors to the project.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?.None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?.We're up to 82% (23) of the initial project members having ICLAs on file and accounts. We've got 18% more (5) people still who have yet to submit their ICLA. Chris Douglas and Chris Mattmann have reached out to Chris Jack and Bruce Hewitson and Chris Jack has submitted his ICLA. We are working on processing his account request atm.How has the project developed since the last report?. Primary development has been moved to Apache from JPL now. Previously planned development has been migrated to Apache as well via JIRA issues. Cameron Goodale focused on refactoring the core code and breaking it down into smaller functions and objects. Mike Joyce and Shakeh Khudikyan have impressive GUI code on its way to the source. Suresh Marru working on refactoring source code to use ASF package names. Huikyo Lee now contributing to the discussion on list.Please check this when you have filled in the report for Open Climate Workbench.Signed-off-by:.Chris Mattmann: (openclimateworkbenchSuresh Marru: (openclimateworkbenchChris Douglas: (openclimateworkbenchNick Kew: (openclimateworkbench.