Apache Open Climate Workbench (Incubating) is an effort to develop software that performs climate model evaluation using model outputs from a variety of different sources (the Earth System Grid Federation, the Coordinated Regional Downscaling Experiment, the U.S. National Climate Assessment and the North American Regional Climate Change Assessment Program) and temporal/spatial scales with remote sensing data from NASA, NOAA and other agencies. The toolkit includes capabilities for regridding, metrics computation and visualization. .Open Climate Workbench has been incubating since 2013-02-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Develop an Apache community for Open Climate Workbench and connect to other relevant Apache efforts (Tika, Hadoop, SIS, OODT 2. Make an initial release. 3. Add new contributors to the project.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?.None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?.We're up to 86% (24) of the initial project members having ICLAs on file and accounts. We've got 14% more (4) people still who have yet to submit their ICLA. Chris Douglas and Chris Mattmann have reached out to Bruce Hewitson to submit ICLA. 3 NASA participants from the original proposal are working on their getting their ICLAs approved. Chris Jack from University of Cape Town just had his account created.Community is now discussing many issues on list: 5 threads (deprecation policy; ideas to improve the metrics module; proposed tool refactoring; tools for Apache Open Climate Workbench; and coding style are all being actively discussed.How has the project developed since the last report?. Wiki now being used: https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/CLIMATE/Index. Review Board reviews are being leveraged; as is JIRA. Commit activity is high; and not singled out to Mike Joyce and Cameron Goodale any longer (Whitehall; Huikyo Lee; now contributing The project discussed and decided to add new JIRA issue labels for users pointing out which issues are e.g., easy, more difficult, etc., to tackle. Worked with Gav in infra to set this up. The team is discussing cutting a 0.1-incubating RC.Please check this when you have filled in the report for Open Climate Workbench.Signed-off-by:.Chris Mattmann: (openclimateworkbenchSuresh Marru: (openclimateworkbenchChris Douglas: (openclimateworkbenchNick Kew: (openclimateworkbench.