Apache Open Climate Workbench (Incubating) is an effort to develop software.that performs climate model evaluation using model outputs from a variety of.different sources (the Earth System Grid Federation, the Coordinated Regional.Downscaling Experiment, the U.S. National Climate Assessment and the North.American Regional Climate Change Assessment Program) and temporal/spatial.scales with remote sensing data from NASA, NOAA and other agencies. The.toolkit includes capabilities for regridding, metrics computation and.visualization. .Open Climate Workbench has been incubating since 2013-02-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Develop an Apache community for Open Climate Workbench and connect to. other relevant Apache efforts (Tika, Hadoop, SIS, OODT 2. Make an initial release. 3. Add new contributors to the project.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. Apache Open Climate Workbench elected its first new committer and PPMC. member, Alex Goodman, in the past month.How has the project developed since the last report?. Cameron Goodale is working to push the 0.1-incubating release out the door. (currently on RC #4, with #5 coming soon Tons of development going on (already up to nearly 200 JIRA issues;. ReviewBoard actively being used The UI is receiving the most work in particular by Michael Joyce and. Shakeh Khudikyan. Kyo Lee and Alex Goodman and Kim Whitehall and Jinwon Kim are working on. the metrics module. Documentation is now appearing on the wiki including a guide produced by. Alex Goodman for Easy RCMET, our installer. Maziyar Boustani has several patch reviews going on to suggest a new API. for post 0.1-incubating development for RCMET.Date of last release:.Signed-off-by:. (openclimateworkbench) Chris Mattmann. (openclimateworkbench) Suresh Marru. (openclimateworkbench) Chris Douglas. (openclimateworkbench) Nick Kew.Shepherd notes:. adc: The missing report is in line with this project's weakness, filling out. paperwork. ;) The podling status page. http://incubator.apache.org/projects/climate.html needs to be filled out. With that said, the project seems pretty active with more than one developer. doing the heavy lifting. Again, it would be good to fill out the status page so we can see where. they're at since they may be good candidates for graduation soon. marvin: (Alan's notes were written up before OCW filed a late report.