Apache Open Climate Workbench (Incubating) is an effort to develop software.that performs climate model evaluation using model outputs from a variety of.different sources (the Earth System Grid Federation, the Coordinated Regional.Downscaling Experiment, the U.S. National Climate Assessment and the North.American Regional Climate Change Assessment Program) and temporal/spatial.scales with remote sensing data from NASA, NOAA and other agencies. The.toolkit includes capabilities for regridding, metrics computation and.visualization. .Open Climate Workbench has been incubating since 2013-02-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Develop an Apache community for Open Climate Workbench and connect to. other relevant Apache efforts (Tika, Hadoop, SIS, OODT 2. Identify a Champion/VP candidate. 3. Add new contributors to the project.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. No new committers or PPMC members added since the last report.How has the project developed since the last report?. Cameron Goodale made the 0.1-incubating release after 5 release candidates. on July 29, 2013. . Mike Joyce has a VOTE up for the 0.2-incubating release. The UI and backend are now able to fully replicate the climate analysis. performed by Kim et al., J. Climate 2013. Maziyar Boustani and Mike Joyce both made screencasts demonstrating the UI,. and linked them on the wiki. A discussion of binding VOTEs by the IPMC on releases occurred, and the PPMC. worked through the issues and were better informed of Incubator processes. Kyo Lee and Alex Goodman continued to improve the metrics and viz for the toolkit. Shakeh Khudikyan is working on a History page for displaying previous runs.Date of last release: 29-JUL-2013.Signed-off-by:. (openclimateworkbench) Chris Mattmann. (openclimateworkbench) Suresh Marru. (openclimateworkbench) Chris Douglas. (openclimateworkbench) Nick Kew.Shepherd notes:. rvs: Open Climate Workbench looks like a pretty healthy. community with a strong potential for graduation.