Livy is web service that exposes a REST interface for managing long running.Apache Spark contexts in your cluster. With Livy, new applications can be.built on top of Apache Spark that require fine grained interaction with many.Spark contexts.Livy has been incubating since 2017-06-05.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community and continue to involve more users and contributors. 2. Grow more committers to maintain the project. 3. Solidify our release cadence.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.N/A.How has the community developed since the last report?.Activity on the dev and user mailing lists as well as the rate of reported.JIRA issues has stayed steady.How has the project developed since the last report?.The master branch has been updated to support Spark 2.3 in our next release.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-02-05.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2017-09-18.Signed-off-by:. (livy) Bikas Saha Comments:. (livy) Brock Noland Comments:. (livy) Luciano Resende Comments:. (livy) Jean-Baptiste Onofre Comments:.# .Milagro.Distributed Cryptography; M-Pin protocol for Identity and Trust.Milagro has been incubating since 2015-12-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Sort out infrastructure issues. 2. Enable NTT to handle operational tasks and project management. 3. Build the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.There is an ongoing vote for retirement of the Project, votes so far are 6.against and 1 neutral. There is an expressed concern that the development of.the project is happening away from the Apache. This was addressed by the main.contributors (MIRACL and NTT), they pointed out the reason for that were.infrastrucure and procedural issues. They will update the Apache repos and.keep the development there once those issues are resolved.How has the community developed since the last report?.There were no new commiters added to the project since the last report.How has the project developed since the last report?.There is an ongoing discussion around dealing with infrastructure issues.obstructing the project development. NTT suggested that they take responsibity.for operational tasks and management of the project.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. n/a.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. n/a.Signed-off-by:. (milagro) Sterling Hughes Comments:. (milagro) Jan Willem Janssen Comments:. (milagro) Nick Kew Comments: Retirement vote got a crop of NOs, though. some of those may have misunderstood its purpose. I'm proposing those who. support continuation make concrete progress in time to report (on time) in. May. Failing that, I will support retirement.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament: In order to survive, the podling needs to move development. activities to Apache. Continuing to develop under Miracl's repositories. means it is not an Apache project.