MetaModel is a data access framework, providing a common interface for.exploration and querying of different types of datastores.MetaModel has been incubating since 2013-06-12.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Roadmapping of our first Apache MetaModel release. Since the namespace. change is going to break backwards compatibility of the project anyway, a. couple of "old but breaking ideas" needs to be accepted or rejected. 2. Bring more diverse committers and contributors to the project. 3. We will probably be having several third party modules for MetaModel,. because of (L)GPL dependencies. We want to figure out a good way to make. this understandable for users (through website or similar means.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. The pending INFRA work was finished in end-july, and we are starting to take. it into use. We've decided to go for a Review-Then-Commit policy. We will allow lazy. concensus after 3 days and a minimum of one +1 vote. There are currently no concrete plans for a release. We have some. discussions and proposals of features on the mailing list which we want to. settle on first. Since incubation we have not made any new appointments for either committer. or PMC member.How has the project developed since the last report?. The code has been moved from eobjects.org to Apache's Git server. (https://git-wip-us.apache.org/repos/asf/incubator-metamodel.git 5. bugfixes from the base release 3.4.4 was applied to our codebase as well. The namespace of the project has been changed to org.apache.metamodel. (previously org.eobjects.metamodel To aid migration, we've also. implemented a helping facility for deserializing objects of the old. namespace into the new. A performance optimization for the CSV module has been proposed and applied. The project now has a website (http://metamodel.incubator.apache.org/ The. website is meant mostly as an 'appetizer', and we're planning to put. lengthier pieces of information onto our wiki. (http://wiki.apache.org/metamodel/), and if needed link to those from the. website. Some initial content has been put on the wiki as well. The project contains a Microsoft Access module, which depends on the LGPL. licensed Jackcess library. We are looking for a replacement dependency or to. remove the module from the project.Date of last release:. None.Signed-off-by:. (metamodel) Henry Saputra. (metamodel) Arvind Prabhakar. (metamodel) Matt Franklin. (metamodel) Noah Slater.Shepherd notes:. The podling is off to a good start (Dave Fisher - wave@.