MetaModel is a data access framework, providing a common interface for.exploration and querying of different types of datastores.MetaModel has been incubating since 2013-06-12.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. More contributors to increase diversity of the community. 2. Make first release under ASF umbrella. 3. Set better guidelines for procedures by setting community by-laws.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. We're working on making the first release under the Apache umbrella. available. A first release candidate was rejected in the vote for. technical reasons, but these where fixed by the second release candidate. and a few JIRA entries to improve build-time validation. Various requests and questions are coming in through the dev mailing list. We believe this activity will further accelerate when our first release is. available. We've been drafting a set of community by-laws, but open questions and. discussions are still not settled, so this is only work-in-progress.How has the project developed since the last report?. We've implemented various performance and concurrency related improvements. to the working of MetaModel. Test suites have been improved to work properly on different locales,. operating systems etc. Many minor changes to build configuration, license files etc., as a result. of working towards a release.Date of last release:. None.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. June 2013.Signed-off-by:. (metamodel) Henry Saputra. (metamodel) Arvind Prabhakar. (metamodel) Matt Franklin. (metamodel) Noah Slater.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Roman Shaposhnik (rvs):. In general project seem to be on the right track with a healthy amount. of community interaction happening over the mailing list and a strong. desire to do a release. Two issues have caught my attention though:. 1. I am not quite sure what motivated a strong drive towards having. by-laws this early in the game. In my experience the focus on by-laws. can, at times, put a damping factor on community growth. IOW, what. I've seen in the past is that communities try to come up with by-laws. when the usual process of consensus building starts to fail. Nothing. actionable here for the project -- just keep this in mind. 2. The JIRA feels a bit empty for the project that has been developing. for more than 6 month (grand total of 33 issues At the same time. the number of commits in the Git repo is on par with the development. pace. What it tells me is that there's no strong correlation between. JIRAs and commits. This raises a red flag of whether all of the. changes that are committed get a proper community vetting before they. go in. I couldn't find any traces of the review requests either:. https://reviews.apache.org/groups/metamodel/. This in my opinion is a pretty big concern for the project.