MetaModel is a data access framework, providing a common interface for.exploration and querying of different types of datastores.MetaModel has been incubating since 2013-06-12.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finalize 4.1 release to demonstrate new functionality and evolution. within Apache. 2. More contributors to increase diversity of the community. 3. Determine approach to technical documentation across different software. versions.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. We finished our first release and are seeing some initial interest from. users. Mostly there are interactions to add new features or connectivity. to new types of datastores. For instance, it has been proposed to look. into building connectivity to semantic web technologies, iRods, Apache. Phoenix - and within the contributors group there has been some focus on. adding HBase and Cassandra support. . Discussions about community by-laws are not very active at this point. It. does not seem to be top-of-mind for most community members, and also. shepherd/mentor notes from January 2014 indicate that this is not. important right now. . We're improving on the point of registering JIRA issues and running. patches through the review board. By now this is the approach taken every. time, unless a commit is found to be very trivial. . Still the core group of developers seems a bit small, but by focusing on. broader connectivity and keeping the releases coming, we think we can. attract a larger community to the project.How has the project developed since the last report?. Apache MetaModel 4.0.0-incubating was released on Jan 21. . We are working on new features for a 4.1 version. The 4.1 version will. represent the point in time where Apache MetaModel starts to show. significant new functionality when compared to the old eobjects.org. MetaModel project. . A new module for providing easy Spring framework integration has been. implemented. . Finishing touches are being made to a new module for connecting to Apache. HBase. . Various API changes are being planned and discussed. . Many bugfixes and performance improvements has been implemented.Date of last release:. Jan 21, 2014.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. June 2013.Signed-off-by:. (metamodel) Henry Saputra. (metamodel) Arvind Prabhakar. (metamodel) Matt Franklin. (metamodel) Noah Slater.