Distributed Cryptography; M-Pin protocol for Identity and Trust.Milagro has been incubating since 2015-12-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Develop MILAGRO toolbox. 2. Creating full working MILAGRO ecosystem, based on MILAGRO crypto library. further research and development (IoT, blockchain, fractions etc. 3. Building the MILAGRO community engaging developers and cryptographers,. raising awareness and helping to secure future of internet.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We are having issues with Apache repos, and syncing two-way with Github,. which becomes annoying, as developers reports. We’re facing issues in. logging in to Apache Wiki page (https://wiki.apache.org/incubator/April2017. https://wiki.apache.org/incubator/April2017> https://wiki.apache.org/incubator/April2017)> - error messages are poping. here and there, so it’s impossible to work directly on Apache tools (while. users names and passwords, are 100% correct), we still can not access. those, and we are having issues with accessing SVN.How has the community developed since the last report?. MILAGRO community, sadly isn’t currently growing, most likely cause of. technical issues, few interested folks were unable to login, so they are. working directly on Github repo, while we still can not have two-way. syncing with Apache account.How has the project developed since the last report?. In past few months, MILAGRO community was focused on developing MILAGRO. Crypto C Library, the most important parts were:. - enabling the solution to use different curves at the same time. - adding Golang wrappers for RSA and ECDSA. - adding tests and working examples for the Golang wrappers. - adding benchmarks. - finally splitting the library into proper logical components.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. n/a.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. n/a.Signed-off-by:. (milagro) Sterling Hughes. Comments:. [](milagro) Jan Willem Janssen. Comments:. I do see some ongoing development, like new repositories being. created, but there's not a lot of discussion happening on the MLs and. as such I do not have a clear picture where the project currently. stands, what problems they have, and how we can improve on that. . [](milagro) Nick Kew. Comments:. Nothing seems to have happened since last time. This report describes. technical difficulties: loss of certain github functionality in moving. to apache, and others I find harder to grasp. I will again post a. followup to this to the project's dev list.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Drew Farris (shepherd): I see very little evidence of project activity looking . at the mailing lists and repos alone. There must be more effort to move . Milagro development and communication to Apache infrastructure. Despite involvement of one mentor, I am unable to observe effort. from the project members to resolve the problems referenced in the . board report. The lack of progress over more than a year of incubation. leads me to question whether the current Milagro community is genuinely . interested in running an Apache project. .