Distributed Cryptography; M-Pin protocol for Identity and Trust.Milagro has been incubating since 2015-12-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Rebuild the team. 2. Edit the code for the first release. 3. Expand the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We need support to restart the project management and to make the code. released. This project have been stalled for several month because initial. committers from Miracl unfortunately stopped activities from external. reasons. We already have a set of codes that will work as the initial product, and. it will need some editorial (and possibly legal?) efforts to release. The idea of retirement was put to the vote and was rejected, and we are. working for restarting.How has the community developed since the last report?. No new committers. Some people are joining the conversation at the dev mailing list to help. the restart.How has the project developed since the last report?. We are worked for the first release of the crypt library part, and the. code seems technically stable enough to release.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. n/a.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling through.the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues that need to be.addressed. Mentors are helpful in starting the restart. Sometimes the members lack very basic information about the management in. ASF, so we will be work better if more input is given. It may lack the continuous help and responsive support in getting the. things done. The project's open issues are:. (1) List committer candidates with ICLA status,. (2) Give access to the official repository for committers who already. signed ICLA,. (3) List all the repositories that contain codes for this project,. (4) Analyze status of each repository, possibly including legal status. (5) Edit and merge the code and push to the official repository. (6) Release. We need help and guide by mentors to address the issues from the. following aspects:. (A) Input on Apache's process, source of information, or use of the. toolset,. (B) Helpful facilitation for communication with PMCs and the community,. (C) Guide how the output code/document should be. Mentors are requested to submit a ping message on the mailing list. regularly that asks any blockers to encourage the communication among. mentors, PMCs and the community.Signed-off-by:. (milagro) Sterling Hughes. Comments:. (milagro) Nick Kew. Comments: This podling needs attention if it is to progress. My own efforts have been insufficient. I intend to. open a discussion on the subject, but am procrastinating.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.