Distributed Cryptography; M-Pin protocol for Identity and Trust.Milagro has been incubating since 2015-12-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Rebuild the team. 2. Edit the code for the first release. 3. Expand the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to beaware .of?. We need continuous support to restart the project management and to make . the code released. This project have been stalled for several month because initial . committers from Miracl unfortunately stopped activities from external . reasons. . It seems we should assume they will take more time to settle their . situation. We already have a set of codes that will work as the initial product, and . it will need some editorial (and possibly legal?) efforts to release. The idea of retirement was put to the vote and was rejected, and we are . working for restarting.How has the community developed since the last report?. Some people are joining the community to the restart the project.How has the project developed since the last report?. We worked for the first release of the crypt library part, and have been . stalled because of the lack of knowledge about the release process. . It seems we need clarification on the release process mainly from the . legal aspects.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup (total restart Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. n/a.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling through.the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues that need to be.addressed. Mentors are helpful in starting the restart. The remaining members still lack very basic information about the . management in ASF, so we need continuous help. The project's open issues are:. (1) Recover the team’s communication. (2) Give access to the official repository for committers who already . signed ICLA,. (3) List all the repositories that contain codes for this project,. (4) Analyze status of each repository, possibly including legal status. (5) Edit and merge the code and push to the official repository. (6) Release. We need help and guide by mentors to address the issues from the . following aspects:. (A) Input on Apache's process, source of information, or use of the . toolset,. (B) Helpful facilitation for communication with PMCs and the community,. (C) Guide how the output code/document should be. Mentors or a person who will lead the communication are requested to . submit a ping message on the mailing list regularly that asks any .blockers.Signed-off-by:. (milagro) Nick Kew. Comments: Great summary. Sadly the author appears to be the only . community member still to have a really active interest.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Justin Mclean:Rather than asking the mentors to ping you I suggest you ask. any question you have on the mailing list. If they are not answered or you. need further help please ask on the general@ incubator list. I'm also concerned about the lack of discussion on the mailing list as a. number of things mentioned above don't seem to have occurred on the list.