Distributed Cryptography; M-Pin protocol for Identity and Trust.Milagro has been incubating since 2015-12-21.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Growing the community of contributors and getting additional/new mentors.Getting the first release out and establishing a frequent release schedule.Work with other Apache projects where Milagro could provide extra functionality.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.Milagro needs additional mentors.How has the community developed since the last report?.We have brought on 3 new contributors in the last month.How has the project developed since the last report?.Updates and bug fixes to the core Milagro crypto library.3 new committers - Giorgio Zoppi, Chris Morris, and Alessandro Budroni and 2 contributors - John McCane Whitney and Howard Kitto who we hope will become contributors. There is an active development stream now occurring.1 new PPMC - Giorgio Zoppi.Setup a Milagro Confluence site where all contributors and PPMC members can create content at will.JIRA is now setup for committers and PPMC members so that we can collaborate at will and efficiently. Also setup the Kanban board and cleaned out the dead/redundant/duplicate issues.https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/MILAGRO/issues/MILAGRO-18?filter=all openissues.To Do:.File Podling report for June, due in a few days (done.Move existing website on SVN to new githubpubsub ‘asf-site’ branch publishing system. Will file JIRA request with Infra.Travis - CI for milagro-crypto-c and milagro-javascript repos. Will file JIRA request with Infra.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release.Milagro is immature but now has some momentum. It is critical the momentum is continued to get the first release out.Date of last release:.XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.04-June-2019.Have your mentors been helpful?.Requests for help in establishing new committer accounts or just general advice for how to get things done could be delivered in a more timely matter (or if at all Big thank you to Justin and Craig for the guidance this month.Signed-off-by:. (milagro) Nick Kew Comments: This podling has long been moribund, but a sudden flurry of activity suggests potential revival. I am just now (hopefully) catching up with the renewed activity.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: Please ask on the incubator genral@ list for new mentors.