Milagro is core security infrastructure and crypto libraries for decentralized networks and distributed systems.Milagro has been incubating since 2015-12-21.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Continue to build relevant and useful crypto libs and applications for decentralized networks in order to grow the ecosystem of users and contributors to the project.Get all functions of the project in line with the Apache Way so we stay in compliance and can get a relase under our belts.Get a relase under our belts!.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.We're growing the list of potential new contributors and collaborators. We have added two new additional contributors and expect more soon as we get milagro-crypto-c in line for release.How has the project developed since the last report?.The main contributors continue to get their feet wet with Apache processes and methodologies. Big shout out to the infra team who have been helpful in dealing with the paculiarities of our project. As an example, we have managed to migrate issue tracking to GitHub, but are still using JIRA for release management task tracking. Most importantly, we have now moved the website to the asf-site branch model and are ready to update the site with documentation. Qredo Ltd in London has signed a software contributor agreement that has been registered with legal office. Qredo is contributing its server code to become the Decentralized Trust Authority, the first "product" release after the crypto library release.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release.Date of last release:.XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Last week.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Jean-Frederic Clere has been great, helpful and hopefully Nick will stay involved.Signed-off-by:. (milagro) Nick Kew.Comments: This project has sprung to life! I'll post a note about specificity vs "Last week"!.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Drew Farris (shepherd): Added a new mentor this month. Both mentors active on the mailing lists. Increased activity throughout the month of June.