Milagro is core security infrastructure and crypto libraries for decentralized networks and distributed systems.Milagro has been incubating since 2015-12-21.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Continue to build relevant and useful crypto libraries and applications for decentralized networks in order to grow the ecosystem of users and contributors to the project.Continue to improve compliance with the Apache Way. In particular to update the Milagro website and other project sites (e.g. Whimsy) in accordance with Apache policies.Further releases to increase the scope of the Milagro project, extend the capability of existing releases and to demonstrate improved compliance with the Apache Way.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.A vote by the Milagro community to accept Kirk Baird as a new committer is in progress. Once complete, the formal process to add him will be undertaken.How has the project developed since the last report?.The first release (0.1.0) of the Decentralized Trust Authority (D-TA) server was successful and the Milagro website updated with D-TA documentation and official download links.A second release of the Crypto-C library (2.0.1) has just been voted on successfully by the IPMC. The Apache Way for this release is still to be completed (update website, formal [ANNOUNCE] email etc.A proposal for Qredo do submit a new "Multi Party Computation" library to the Milagro project has been accepted by the Milagro community. A software grant has been submitted to Apache and the formal process to add the repo to Apache's GitHub is underway.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.2020-10-04.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.June 2019.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.The community received helpful feedback from our mentors on our releases and the feedback is being actioned.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.No known issues, but further investigation required by the Milagro community.Signed-off-by:. (milagro) Nick Kew.Comments: Too late to amend, but I just noticed the last release date is nonsense. I (and likely the report) at first confused it with the current release, announced Feb.10. (milagro) Jean-Frederic Clere.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.