Milagro is core security infrastructure and crypto libraries for decentralized networks and distributed systems.Milagro has been incubating since 2015-12-21.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Continue to build relevant and useful crypto libraries and applications for decentralized networks in order to grow the ecosystem of users and contributors to the project.Continue to improve compliance with the Apache Way. In particular to update the Milagro website and other project sites (e.g. Whimsy) in accordance with Apache policies.Further releases to increase the scope of the Milagro project, extend the capability of existing releases and to demonstrate improved compliance with the Apache Way.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No significant issues, however, similar to the last report, several administrative aspects of the project still have not been dealt with (updating Whimsy, countersigning code signing keys, checking download links, confirming brand/trademark compliance etc. In addition to this, the private mailing list subscriber list needs clearing of any non-PPMC members and Kirk Baird still needs to be officially added to the list of committers.How has the community developed since the last report?.No change.How has the project developed since the last report?.Development has progressed on the Multi Party Computation (MPC) library working towards an official release. The library has been successfully reviewed by the NCC Group and renowned cryptographer Dr. Michael Scott. Their recommendations have been implemented and their reports will be added to the library prior to release. There are plans to improve upon the library post release - in particular to extend the capability from a 2 of 2 threshold to an arbitrary m of n threshold.Development has also progressed on the version of the core cryptographic library written in Rust. More work is required for this to be in a release ready state.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2020-02-10.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.February 2020.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.No issues.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.No known issues, but further investigation is still required by the Milagro community.Signed-off-by:. (milagro) Nick Kew.Comments:. (milagro) Jean-Frederic Clere.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: What's the hold up with administrative aspects of the project? Is the PPMC active?.