Pirk is a framework for scalable Private Information Retrieval (PIR.Pirk has been incubating since 2016-06-17.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community to establish diversity of background and expertise. . 2. Establish a formal release process and schedule, allowing for dependable. release cycles in a manner consistent with the Apache development. process. . 3. Add to and improve the Pirk user documentation and examples both on the. website and in the codebase.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Yes. The Pirk community participation and growth has stalled over the last. few months. Recently, there's been discussion on the mailing lists about. retiring Pirk for now.How has the community developed since the last report?. The Pirk community has not developed since the last report - no new. contributors or committers have been added.How has the project developed since the last report?. The project has stalled - the existing community has not been active nor. has the community grown.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. The podling will not be seeing any activity in the near future, and the. consensus has been to retire the podling for now.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. October 9, 2016.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Pirk elected two new committers (Tim Ellison and Suneel Marthi, both. mentors) on August 18, 2016.Signed-off-by:. (pirk) Billie Rinaldi. Comments:. (pirk) Joe Witt. Comments:. . As noted in the report and observed in the community contributions. and discussion have stalled. Discussions to prompt engagement have. revealed that availability to contribute for much of the original. team is no longer available. It is my opinion that retirement should. be pursued given the range of community growth for the past few. months and stated lack of intent to turn that around soon. (pirk) Josh Elser. Comments:. . It's sad to see the discussion about the low recent activity quickly. change into a a discussion about retirement. I was hoping that the. previously active podling members would have taken some steps to. grow, but it seems like their priorities have shifted elsewhere. Pirk. had been doing quite well and is very interesting software; it's a. shame to see it moving to retirement. Sounds like retirement will be. pursued in the coming month. (pirk) Suneel Marthi. Comments:. . Based on recent discussions on Mailing lists the consensus has been. to retire Pirk for now, in large part due to unavailability of the. full set of initial committers that can steer this project forward. (pirk) Tim Ellison. Comments:. . Pirk had a very promising start, with the community exhibiting all. the right behaviors, including being able to gain consensus on an. early initial release. The initial committers are critical to the. future of Pirk due to their specialist knowledge, and there has not. been sufficient time to fully grow new members who can cover their. role. With their withdrawl it is unfortunate but inevitable that. Pirk be retired. The discussion is taking place on the dev list as. expected.