Toree provides applications with a mechanism to interactively and remotely.access Apache Spark. It enables interactive workloads between applications.and a Spark cluster. As a Jupyter Notebook extension, it provides the user.with a preconfigured environment for interacting with Spark using Scala,.Python, R or SQL.Toree has been incubating since 2015-12-02.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Removal of LGPL dependency. 2. Ease of installation. 3. Documentation of APIs.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. TOREE-262 - Progress on removal of LGPL dependency.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. Work with Jupyter community to update their docker stacks to include. the latest Toree. 2. Blog post at http://www.spark.tc/announcing-apache-toree/ to announce. the incubation. 3. Active communication in mailing list and gitter with early adopters. 4. Work with Brunel project. (https://github.com/Brunel-Visualization/Brunel) to make technology. available on Toree. 5. Still working on transitioning users from Spark Kernel project into. Toree.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Source package have been renamed to org.apache.toree. 2. All original contributors are not actively developing and fixing issues. on the apache project. 3. Project can be published and installed through Pypi (only snapshot/dev. packaged made available for testing 4. Added a plug-in framework to enable integration of 3rd party code to. add capabilities. 5. Create Spark Streaming example notebook to feature many of the. capabilities of Toree in collaboration with Jupyter ecosystem. (dashboards and widgets 6. Misc bug fixes and features. 7. Actively working with JeroMQ community to further their transition into. MPL v2 and away from LGPL.Date of last release:. None since incubation.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. No new additions since incubation.Signed-off-by:. (toree) Luciano Resende. (toree) Reynold Xin. (toree) Hitesh Shah. (toree) Julien Le Dem.