Toree provides applications with a mechanism to interactively and remotely access Apache Spark.Toree has been incubating since 2015-12-02.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.In my opinion, I believe Toree is one of those small but useful projects that, except for being very active, would be ready to graduate. Having said that, where there is an important issue or for voting new members and releases the PPMC show up and participate (see example of last committer thread.1.Increase active contributors 2. 3.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.Few Q&A on both Gitter and mailing list. BTW, Gitter is the chat application that is common around Python/Jupyter extensions and here is the Toree one https://gitter.im/apache/toree.How has the project developed since the last report?.Toree is somewhat a mature Jupyter kernel that provides good and stable support for both Scala and Spark. On this quarter there were some minor bugfixes around Scala corner cases.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.2018-11-13.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Kevin Bates was added to the PPMC on 2019-08-14.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Are things falling through the cracks? If so, please list any open issues that need to be addressed.There was nothing requiring mentor intervention on the last quarter.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Are 3rd parties respecting and correctly using the podlings name and brand? If not what actions has the PPMC taken to correct this? Has the VP, Brand approved the project name?.No Trademark issues.Signed-off-by:. (toree) Luciano Resende.Comments:. (toree) Ryan Blue.Comments: I mostly agree with the assessment that Toree is near graduation, but is not very active. The community has demonstrated it is capable of making releases, adding new committers & PPMC members, and welcoming new members. My only criticism is how much discussion is taking place on gitter rather than the dev list. That makes it difficult to keep up, but I think it is important to let this community hold discussions in the forum that makes sense for it instead of trying to make it fit the mold.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.