Toree provides applications with a mechanism to interactively and remotely.access Apache Spark. It enables interactive workloads between applications.and a Spark cluster. As a Jupyter Notebook extension, it provides the user.with a preconfigured environment for interacting with Spark using Scala,.Python, R or SQL.Toree has been incubating since 2015-12-02.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Resolve LGPL dependency: Great news! The team has just merged a PR and. removed the LGPL license in favor of MPL. (https://github.com/zeromq/jeromq/pull/358 2. Make a release: 0.1.x branch should be ready for release. Master has. moved to start support for Spark 2.0. 3. Grow a diverse community: We should put some emphasis on growing the. community and making it diverse (the rule is at least three independent. contributors) We have 1 major independent contributor (mariusvniekerk and at least 2 minor ones. (https://github.com/apache/incubator-toree/graphs/contributors.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. TOREE-262 - Progress on removal of LGPL dependency - Awaiting MPL release. of JeroMQ. Will update branches to remove caveats re: LGPL once the JeroMQ. release is available.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. Active communication in mailing list and gitter with early adopters. 2. Still working on transitioning users from Spark Kernel project into. Toree. Making significant progress here. 3. More external contributions being made. Community member. 2mariusvniekerk key in porting Toree to work on Spark 2.0. Sitting on. PR 56. Working with committer to finish up some details and will merge. when ready. This is a significant contribution.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. JeroMQ community has finalized work to transition to MPL. Waiting for. maven release. 2. Addressing issues opened by community.Date of last release:. None since incubation.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. No new additions since incubation.Signed-off-by:. (toree) Luciano Resende. (toree) Reynold Xin. (toree) Hitesh Shah. (toree) Julien Le Dem.