Nemo is a data processing system to flexibly control the runtime behaviors .of a job to adapt to varying deployment characteristics.Nemo has been incubating since 2018-02-04.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community. 2. Create the first Apache release. 3. Donate code to ASF.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Committers actively sent PRs and did code reviews. Committers actively involved in mailing lists. Getting contributors including a GSoC student.How has the project developed since the last report?. Made great progress in every aspect of the project. Working on the first release Almost done with the features to be . included in the first release. Solidified runtime by refactoring how to handle. tasks, stages, and jobs, and scheduling policies. Rule-based policy support in the compiler. Composition of passes. Added Multiple DAG submission support in a user. program. Added Beam 2.6, Beam SQL support. Spark RDD caching support. Task cloning support. Intermediate data locality aware scheduling. Added a WebUI (contributed by a GSoC student),. which we will polish.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. None yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. None yet.Signed-off-by:. (nemo) Davor Bonaci. Comments: All great; active community contributing towards the first . release. (nemo) Hyunsik Choi. Comments:. (nemo) Byung-Gon Chun. Comments:. (nemo) Jean-Baptiste Onofre. Comments: Focusing on first release would be great, it would be a . great milestone for the podling. (nemo) Markus Weimer. Comments: Good progress all around; but it is time for a first release . : (nemo) Reynold Xin. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Our mentors mostly have been helpful and responsive.