Traffic Control allows you to build a large scale content delivery network.using open source.Traffic Control has been incubating since 2016-07-12.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Enhance automation to facilitate committer voting on new releases. 2. Enhance documentation to ease ramp-up time for new community members. 3. Grow the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.How has the community developed since the last report?.Traffic Control held a summit with Traffic Server during ApacheCon North America. This helped bring more attention to our project and encouraged cross-pollination between the two projects. .In total there were 45 confirmed attendees with 23 signing up as having interest in Traffic Control.Traffic Control added 5 new contributors (went from 65 to 70 total unique contributors.How has the project developed since the last report?. Since the last report (April 2017), we have. Merged 225 Pull Requests with 714 commits from 27 contributors. Opened 189 JIRA issues. Closed 97 JIRA issues. 393 emails sent by 44 people on the dev@ list. 15 emails sent by 9 people on the users@ list.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release (wip Community building (wip Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. Traffic Control 1.8.1 was released on 6/13/2017. Traffic Control 2.0 has passed the project team and IPMC vote and a release announcement should be sent out this week.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. No new committers or PPMC members yet.Signed-off-by:. (trafficcontrol) Phil Sorber. Comments:. (trafficcontrol) Eric Covener. Comments:. (trafficcontrol) Daniel Gruno. Comments:. (trafficcontrol) J. Aaron Farr. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament: The podling has grown quite a bit, once they start growing outside of their initial committer set they should think about graduation.