Traffic Control is a set of components that can be used to build, monitor, configure, and provision a large scale content delivery network (CDN .Traffic Control has been incubating since 2016-07-12.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:.1. Enhance automation to make it easier to build, install, and configure each component.2. Improve documentation to ease ramp-up time for new community members and make it easier for existing community members to find what they are looking for.3. Grow the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of? .None.How has the community developed since the last report?.The community took a vote and decided to move to full GitHub for source code management and to use github for issue tracking instead of Jira.Traffic Control will be holding its fall summit on October 17th and 18th in Atlanta, GA. There are currently over 20 participants from 5 different companies registered to join. .How has the project developed since the last report?. Since the last report (July 2017), we have. Merged 93 Pull Requests with 609 commits from 21 contributors. Opened 284 Github/Jira issues. Closed 83 Github/Jira issues. 284 emails sent by 39 people on the dev@ list. 5 emails sent by 2 people on the users@ list.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary.At our next summit (Oct 2017), we will be discussing what steps we need to take to get to graduation. We still have some hurdles to clear, but it’s good that we have recognized we need to start the discussion. Initial setup. Working towards first release (wip Community building (wip Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. Traffic Control 2.0 was released on July 7th, 2017.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.In August, Traffic Control added 3 new committers from 2 different companies: Derek Gelinas (Comcast), Rob Butts (Comcast) , and Peter Ryder (Cisco.Signed-off-by:. (trafficcontrol) Phil Sorber. Comments:. (trafficcontrol) Eric Covener. Comments:. (trafficcontrol) Leif Hedstrom. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament: It's great to see a community driven in person event being scheduled. However, the podling should be cautious and ensure that all information discussed in person is brought back to the list when complete.