Traffic Control is a set of components that can be used to build, monitor, configure, and provision a large scale content delivery network (CDN .Traffic Control has been incubating since 2016-07-12.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:.1. Enhance automation to make it easier to build, install, and configure each component.2. Improve documentation to ease ramp-up time for new community members and make it easier for existing community members to find what they are looking for.3. Complete at least two releases without license issues.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of? .None.How has the community developed since the last report (October 2017)?.We held a fall summit in October in Atlanta. This summit was attended by over 20 participants from 5 different companies. The discussions were great and we made sure to take any discussion that could potentially affect the community to the mailing lists.We cleaned up our mentors a bit by removing a few mentors who have asked to be removed and/or have not contributed at all.We have seen a few new users join our community, and our community has done a good job of helping the new users get Traffic Control up and running.The community has been working hard to get a new release out, which will be Traffic Control 2.1. .How has the project developed since the last report?. Since the last report (October 2017), we have. Merged 218 Pull Requests with 392 commits from 34 contributors. Opened 135 Github issues. Closed 70 Github issues. 233 emails sent by 36 people on the dev@ list. 25 emails sent by 12 people on the users@ list.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary.We have started discussions about graduation and we all agree that we should try to focus on graduating in 2018. As we see it, the biggest hurdles we still face are: . 1) Getting releases through the incubator without licensing issues - we would like to be able to get at least two releases through without licensing issues. 2) Removing dependencies with incompatible licenses; specifically JSON.org and jdnssec (https://github.com/dblacka/jdnssec-tools/blob/master/licenses/java-dnssec-tools-LICENSE.txt) - our plan is to have these two mitigated by the end of Q1 2018. Initial setup. Working towards first release (wip Community building (wip [x ] Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. Traffic Control 2.0 was released on July 7th, 2017. Traffic Control 2.1 has passed the PPMC vote and was submitted to IPMC on January 2nd.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.In October, Traffic Control added 1 new committer: Nir Sopher.Signed-off-by:. (trafficcontrol) Phil Sorber. Comments:. (trafficcontrol) Eric Covener. Comments:. (trafficcontrol) Leif Hedstrom. Comments:.