Traffic Control is a set of components that can be used to build, monitor,.configure, and provision a large scale content delivery network (CDN.Traffic Control has been incubating since 2016-07-12.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:.1. A successful graduation vote by project community.2. A successful graduation vote by the IPMC.3. A successful acceptance of our graduation resolution by the apache board.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report (January 2018)?.Since January the Traffic Control community has worked on the following:. Getting Traffic Control 2.1 released. Getting Traffic Control 2.2 ready for release candidates. Supporting new users with installing and configuring traffic control. Tie up loose ends and prepare ourselves for graduation. Planning a spring summit to be held April 2018 in Boston, MA.How has the project developed since the last report?. Since the last report (January 2018), we have. Merged 199 Pull Requests with 673 commits from 27 unique contributors. Opened 217 Github issues. Closed 214 Github issues. 301 emails sent by 46 people on the dev@ list. 26 emails sent by 10 people on the users@ list.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.We have started the graduation process! We voted on starting the graduation.process, chose a project chair, and have started the Project vote on the.graduation resolution. Initial setup. Working towards first release (wip Community building (wip Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. Traffic Control 2.1 was released on January 22, 2017. Traffic Control 2.2 is currently on RC 3 and we hope to have 2.2 released by. the end of April, 2018.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.In October, Traffic Control added 1 new committer: Nir Sopher.Signed-off-by:. (trafficcontrol) Phil Sorber Comments: I think this project is in good. shape, hopefully we see a graduation resolution in the IPMC for it soon. (trafficcontrol) Eric Covener Comments:. (trafficcontrol) Leif Hedstrom Comments:.