A real-time, distributed, fault-tolerant stream processing engine.Heron has been incubating since 2017-06-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Removal of binaries from code base (this is already completed 2. Moving from com.twitter.heron to org.apache.heron namespace (this is.already completed 3. How to publish the binary artifacts into the Apache Maven repo.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.We had an issue with scheduling to get the report done on time. We will .work to correct this for the next period.How has the community developed since the last report?.The community has been increasing steadily. The community has been asking .questions through the mailing list and slack channels. The supporting .community has responded with answers to questions asked. We have also had .new individuals come into help with cleaning the project from an outside .perspective. It's been very helpful to the committers.How has the project developed since the last report?.There have been mainly bug fixes and improvements to existing features. .Some to note are. Fixing issue with downloader for Nomad. Updating to the latest Dhalion version. Updating of Dockerfiles and docker build scripts. Updates to the documentation. Updates to Helm charts. Added a S3 uploader.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. .No Apache releases as of yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.N/A. Still working towards bootstrapping the project.Signed-off-by:. (heron) Jake Farrell. Comments:. (heron) Jacques Nadeau. Comments:. (heron) Julien Le Dem. Comments:. (heron) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments: I'm concerned about lack of activity on the public mailing lists. Decisions are being. made, I just don't know where (Slack? I'll be leaning on the podling to be more . publicly transparent.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.