A real-time, distributed, fault-tolerant stream processing engine.Heron has been incubating since 2017-06-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Making the fist Apache Release. Vote for RC5 is currently on . general@incubator. 2. Making several Releases. 3. Continuing to grow the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Not at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. The community has been growing. Two more monthly meetups have been . successfully organized so far after the initial one in April 2018. We . have also seen more interests in the Heron from different channels and . getting more ideas from the community. In October 2018 there was a. presentation given at BazelCon in New York city on building Apache Heron.How has the project developed since the last report?. There have been mainly bug fixes and improvements to existing features. Some to note are. Works towards Apache release and five release candidates have been . created. Updates for the licenses. Updates to the documentation. New integration tests. New designs/works for the Streamlet API(Heron’s high level DSL.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. No Apache releases as of yet. Latest RC was done on Oct 15th. [this might . change if our Apache release succeeds].When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Ning Wang was elected a committer on accepted on 11/1/2018.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Mentors have been very responsive and helpful.Signed-off-by:. (heron) Jake Farrell. Comments:. (heron) Julien Le Dem. Comments:. (heron) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments:. (heron) David Fisher. Comments: Heron has switched its 2x monthly offline hangout for a . twice weekly "what am I up to" on dev@heron.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.