A real-time, distributed, fault-tolerant stream processing engine.Heron has been incubating since 2017-06-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Making a new release (0.20.1 Formalize the release CI jobs under . Apache infra. 2. Making several Releases. 3. Continuing to grow the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. The community has been growing. Monthly meetups have been regularly and . successfully organized. We have seen new users interested in Heron and . community has been discussing and working on different ideas such as . Streamlet API, Heron Spouts and Bazel upgration.In November 2018 the . first Apache release was done following the Apache process and we are. working on the next release with artifacts to make Heron easier for. users to access.How has the project developed since the last report?. There have been mainly bug fixes and improvements to existing features. . Some to note are:. Works towards Apache release with binaries and artifacts. Currently . fixing build scripts and jobs. New functions in Streamlet API. Community initiated a new Heron-Spouts project. Fixes for Helm Charts specific to AWS clusters. Current work in progress to support the newest version of Bazel.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release (binaries & artifacts Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. Dec 2018(0.20.0-incubating, source only release.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 3 new committers were elected and invited in Dec 2018. Welcome Ali Ahmed, . Boyang Jerry Peng and Ning Wang.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Mentors are responsive and helpful.Signed-off-by:. (heron) Dave Fisher. Comments: The podling needs to discuss more community activity on the . dev list. They recently. responded to a ping to start mentioning and advertising monthly . Meetups on list. (heron) Jake Farrell. Comments:. (heron) Jacques Nadeau. Comments:. (heron) Julien Le Dem. Comments:. (heron) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.