A real-time, distributed, fault-tolerant stream processing engine.Heron has been incubating since 2017-06-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finish bootstrapping project, IP clearance, initial website. 2. Expanding the community and adding new committers. 3. 1st ASF release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.Extracting all binaries out of code base is still in progress. There is only one binary left. .Internal developers from Twitter are working on this process.How has the community developed since the last report?. The number of contributors to the project has increased from 82 to 87 since the last report. A meetup was hosted at Twitter HQ in Sunnyvale, CA with approximately 80 in attendance.How has the project developed since the last report?. Development has been very active. . Work is in progress to get all licensing headers in compliance with Apache . Twitter has submitted a signed SGA, granting ownership of Heron to Apache. The repository has been moved from Twitter's github account to Apache git. The appropriate work has been completed for package renaming. com.twitter has now been changed to org.apache. All of the binaries have been removed from the code base with the exception of Scribe. Twitter developers are to finish this task.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. No Apache releases as of yet. The first Apache release will happen soon once all binaries are removed from the codebase.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. N/A, still bootstrapping the project.Signed-off-by:. (heron) Jake Farrell. Comments:. (heron) Jacques Nadeau. Comments:. (heron) Julien Le Dem. Comments:. (heron) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments: Heron has been somewhat slow in adopting Apache-style communication and practices. Hopefully. a first Apache release will provide an opportunity to change that.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Dave Fisher: I've been following the podling for many months. The podling is beginning to communicate better on the dev@ list. It took a long time to get the SGA from Twitter, but now that it is done. They are working towards the right way. They do need to have better asynchronous discussion and I've prompted for such on dev@.