Brooklyn is a framework for modelling, monitoring, and managing applications.through autonomic blueprints.Brooklyn has been incubating since 2014-05-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community. 2. More diversity of the committers/PPMC (currently biased towards. employees of a single organization 3. Following up our first release with further, regular, releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Our community continues to grow slowly but surely, and has received. interest and contributions from new community members. We had the opportunity to talk about our project at ApacheCon Europe. recently, which has introduced Brooklyn to a wider audience within. Apache.How has the project developed since the last report?. Code continues to be proposed and merged at a high rate. We are. satisfied with our technical velocity. We recently completed our first release as an Apache project, and. look forward to following this up with regular releases from now on.Date of last release:. 2014-12-23 (apache-brooklyn-0.7.0-M2-incubating.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. No change since 2014-07-02.Signed-off-by:. (brooklyn) Matt Hogstrom. (brooklyn) Alex Karasulu. (brooklyn) David Nalley. (brooklyn) Marcel Offermans. (brooklyn) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. (brooklyn) Olivier Lamy. (brooklyn) Chip Childers. (brooklyn) Andrei Savu. (brooklyn) Joe Brockmeier. (brooklyn) Jim Jagielski.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Chip Childers (chipchilders):. . The Brooklyn community is doing very well in learning the rules /. policies / nuances of working at the ASF. It still needs a bit more time. to build up a diverse community IMO, but things are looking good. David Nalley (ke4qqq):. . The Brooklyn folks kicked out their first release during this reporting. cycle, which is an important milestone. Work still remains in terms of. building a diverse community.