Impala is a high-performance C++ and Java SQL query engine for data stored.in Apache Hadoop-based clusters.Impala has been incubating since 2015-12-03.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Movement of existing JIRA / Git / wiki resources to Apache. equivalents. 2. Initial release as incubating project. 3. Community growth.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. There have been no additions to the committer or PMC lists since. incubation began. However, we have seen an uptick in external. contributions, both through code, and in discussion on the mailing list. One contributor has been attempting to port Impala to PPC, and has. reported some success after asking many questions.How has the project developed since the last report?. We have made some slow progress with our initial infrastructure tasks. Code review traffic is now copied to dev@impala.incubator.apache.org,. which means that developer discussions are now happening on the mailing. lists. We have a number of infrastructure tasks ahead of us which are blocked on. the current Impala team at Cloudera being very busy with an internal. release (this is one reason we look forward to a more diverse community!. For example:. 1. We would like to move our Git repository to .apache.org in short order,. but as it stands the existing repo is 10GB large and historically. contains many binary artifacts that, while acceptably licensed, have no. useful place in Impala's repository. We need to strip these artifacts. from the Git history, and then adjust Gerrit to commit to the new. branch in the new repo. This is not hard but takes some time. 2. We would also like to move our JIRA tickets from issues.cloudera.org to. issues.apache.org. Experience in a sister podling has shown that this. isn't straightforward if we wish to preserve existing release labels,. user assignments and so on, so requires some time. We anticipate having much more time to work on these basic issues after. the end of February. We look forward to getting Impala into a position. where it is easier for the larger community to collaborate on these kinds. of project management issues.Date of last release:. None since entering incubation.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None since entering incubation.Signed-off-by:. (impala) Tom White. (impala) Todd Lipcon. (impala) Carl Steinbach. (impala) Brock Noland.