Apache Drill is a distributed system for interactive analysis of large-scale.datasets that is based on Google's Dremel. Its goal is to efficiently process.nested data, scale to 10,000 servers or more and to be able to process.petabyes of data and trillions of records in seconds.Drill has been incubating since 2012-08-11.Three Issues to Address in Move to Graduation:. 1. Continue to attract new developers and and early users with a variety of. skills and viewpoints. 2. Continue to develop deeper community skills and knowledge by building. additional releases. 3. Demonstrate community robustness by rotating project tasks among. multiple project members.The community has made significant progress on items 1 and 2.Issues to Call to Attention of PMC or ASF Board:. none.How community has developed since last report:. The most important activity is the run up to the Milestone 1 release. Additional events include:. Apache Drill project website redesigned to have a new look:. http://incubator.apache.org/drill/. Interactive "How to Run Drill" demo added to the Apache Drill wiki:. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/DRILL/Demo+HowTo. Mailing list discussions:. Subscriptions to the Drill mailing lists have risen to 383. There has. been active and increasing participation in discussions on the developer. mailing list, including new participants and developers. Participation on. the user list is growing although still small; mainly activity takes. place on developer mailing list. Activity summary for the dev mailing list:. http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/incubator-drill-dev/ . September to date 05/010/2013: 397(mainly jira; some discussion August 2013, 394 (jira, focused discussions July 2013,370 (jira; focused discussions June 2013,297 (jira, focused discussions. Recent topics on the dev mailing list have included:. Usability and introductory tutorials. SQL semantics and extensions to type inference cases. Implementation of various storage engines, including Parquet and ORC. Optimizer rewrites and operator implementations. Code . For details of code commits, see http://bit.ly/14YPXN9. There has been a very significant ramp up of code commits during this. quarter, as shown in this chart from GitHub:. . Ten contributors have participated in this GitHub code activity; there. have been 77 forks of the Apache Drill project on GitHub which is a good. indicator of strong interest outside the group of core contributors. Recent code commits include but not limited to:. full end-to-end execution of queries. reorganization of the source tree to simplify initial user experience. a number of new operators for the execution engine. a pro tempore query optimizer that allows a physical plans to be. generated. the entire code generation framework. Value Vector implementation. Community Interactions. The weekly Drill hangout continues, conducted remotely through Google. hangouts Tuesday mornings 9am Pacific Time to keep core developers in. contact in realtime despite geographical separation. The community stays in touch through @ApacheDrill Twitter ID, and by. postings on various blogs including Apache Drill User. http://drill-user.org/. Viability of community is also apparent through interest in next meet-up. event for the Bay Area Apache Drill User group in late September, which. is already attracting a robust audience. Volunteers are coming forward. from audience members of presentations, such as the Drill workshop in. July (see following. Presentations. There have been presentations and a Drill workshop from community members. at conferences and meet-ups. Several Drill contributors have other talks scheduled with different. meetups in the upcoming months. Sample presentations (out of many):. Drill talks by @mhausenblas at Hive London and in Paris in June. Talk on Apache Drill by @mhausenblas and @ted_dunning at Berlin. Buzzwords. Apache Drill hands-on workshop by @ted_dunning and @intjesus at OSCON. in Portland, Oregon USA in July for ~40 participants. . Apache Drill project featured by panelist @tshiran in Aug for the. "Hadoop + SQL" Hive Data Think Tank event in California Bay Area. . Next meeting for the Bay Area Apache Drill User group is planned for. September with talk and demo by Steve Phillips . Slides. Slides from Drill presentations posted online such as at slideshare get a. large number of views. . Example:. OSCON Apache Drill workshop posted 1 Aug 2013 by Ted Dunning and. Jacques Nadeau, 436 views. Articles. Examples of articles on Apache Drill since last report include:. Article by @mhausenblas and @intjesus "Introduction to Apache Drill:. Interactive Ad-Hoc Query for Large-scale Datasets" Michael Hausenblas. and Jacques Nadeau. Big Data. June 2013, 1(2): 100-104. doi:10.1089/big.2013.0011. http://bit.ly/15101Y7. A blog post by @Ellen_Friedman reports on that Drill-via-Amazon-Cloud. event and includes links to slides: http://bit.ly/18aS3Lk. Drill blog article by S. J. Vaughan-Nichols "Drilling into Big Data. with Apache Drill" in Aug: http://bit.ly/1309MXA. A blog posting on Drill by T. Shiran as a prelude to the Hadoop + SQL. event by Hive Data Think Tank can be found here: http://bit.ly/1cvxn5D. Social Networking. @ApacheDrill Twitter entity is active and has grown by ~20%, to 437. followers.How project has developed since last report:. 1. Website homepage has a new design. 2. Wiki has been updated . 3. Significant code drops have been checked in from a number of developers. 4. Started to create release candidates for the milestone one [first]. release of Drill. 5. New developers are contributing. 6. Additional non-code contributors have become active and are being. encouraged.Signed-off-by: . (drill) Ted Dunning. (drill) Grant Ingersoll. (drill) Isabel Drost-Fromm.Shepherd notes:. (Dave Fisher/wave. I am concerned the podling is missing the DISCLAIMER in its source code. and on most web pages. There is a lot of activity but it does not seem. to include any drive to make any release. There is tremendous community. building activity. Heavy on community and light on Release/IP. Rebuttal to shepherd notes: (Ted Dunning/tdunning. I think that the Dave is substantially incorrect in his assessment that. there "does not seem to include any drive to make any release". This is. factually and patently incorrect. I have asked that the shepherd. reconsider this comment and retract it as it does not reflect the. substantial progress that the community is making towards a release. (Isabel Drost-Fromm/ Apache Mahout, mentor Drill. Dave, as for the missing disclaimer - there are still a few branding. issues with Drill. The project is currently on it's way to the first. release - for a discussion on an initial RC and issues related to it see. also http://markmail.org/thread/gl2z6dbcsjkbdelx In the process of. preparing this release a couple issues surfaced that seemed more. fundamental and are now in the process of being fixed. The Drill. community reacted very positively to the input they got and are. diligently fixing problems. Mentors provided several links both to. Apache-wide as well as Incubator-specific documentation on what needs to. be checked for an Apache release. The next RC will show how helpful that. turns out to be with fixing the existing problems. (Grant Ingersoll, mentor. Unlike most Incubator projects, Drill is starting from scratch code-wise. and community-wise and thus it will take longer to release, IMO. AFAICT,. the community has sustainable development underway. That being said, I. was just thinking it needed to do a release and then lo and behold there. was an RC and a vote. As Isabel points out, the community has responded. well to the feedback on the release. Once this release is out, I would. expect the community to release more often, but other than that, I think. the community is developing well, and is, in fact, doing some novel. community building things like Google Hangouts that are open to anyone. and which I think are very positive.