Description:.Apache Drill is a distributed system for interactive analysis of large-scale datasets that is based on Google's Dremel. Its goal is to efficiently process nested data, scale to 10,000 servers or more and to be able to process petabyes of data and trillions of records in seconds.Drill has been incubating since 2012-08-11.Three Issues to Address in Move to Graduation:.1. Continue to attract new developers with a variety of skills and viewpoints.2. Develop community skills and knowledge by building some releases.3. Demonstrate community robustness by rotating project tasks among multiple project members.Issues to Call to Attention of PMC or ASF Board:.none.How community has developed since last report:.Mailing list discussions:.There has been active participation in discussions on the developer mailing list, including new participants and developers. A few have participated in the users list; mainly activity takes place on developer mailing list.Activity summary:.http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/incubator-drill-dev/.March 2012, 21 by 6th of March (mainly jira; some discussionFebruary 2013, 227 (jira, focused discussionsJanuary 2013, 169 (jira; focused discussionsDec 2012, 51 (jira, focused discussions.Topics in discussion on the dev mailing list included but not limited to:. JSON scanner API. implementation of reference interpreter. building SQL parser. implementation of a variety of reference operators including flatten and WindowsPane. Mocking Library. Drill plus behavioral data.Presentations.There have been more than a dozen presentations from community members at international Hadoop conferences, Strata Conference, HUGs, JUG and an Apache Drill Users Group in at least four countries.Slides.Slides from Drill presentations posted online such as at slideshare get a large number of views. Examples:.Japan Hadoop Conf. 2013 Winter, 2114 views.Boulder/Denver HUG, 848 views.PJUG Portland Oregon, 404 views.HUG Munich, 475 views.Articles.An invited article on Apache Drill, “Apache Drill: Newcomer in the Hadoop Ecosystem” appeared in the 30 January 2013 Software Developers Journal, authored by Ted Dunning and Jacques Nadeau.In addition there have been a variety of blog postings about Drill.Social Networking.@ApacheDrill Twitter entity is active and has grown to 147 followers.How project has developed since last report:.1. Wiki has been built.2. Significant code drops have been checked in from a number of new developers.3. Added our first additional committer and PMC member, additional candidates are developing.4. Additional non-code contributors have become active and are being encouraged.Please check this when you have filled in the report for Drill.Signed-off-by:.Ted Dunning: (drillGrant Ingersoll: (drillIsabel Drost: (drill.Shepherd notes:.Drill appears to be healthy. Mailing lists are seeing a ton of traffic and work in the sandbox seems to be progressing at a reasonable pace. Question to the community: When do you estimate that you would want to start putting a preliminary release of some kind together? I assume this would require identifying at least some components that should be moved from "sandbox".