 Description:. .Apache Drill is a distributed system for interactive analysis of large-scale datasets that is based on Google's Dremel. Its goal is to efficiently process nested data, scale to 10,000 servers or more and to be able to process petabyes of data and trillions of records in seconds. .Drill has been incubating since 2012-08-11. .Three Issues to Address in Move to Graduation:. .1. Continue to attract new developers with a variety of skills and viewpoints.2. Develop community skills and knowledge by building some releases.3. Demonstrate community robustness by rotating project tasks among multiple project members. .Issues to Call to Attention of PMC or ASF Board:. .none. .How community has developed since last report:. .Mailing list discussions:. .There has been active participation in discussions on the developer mailing list, including new participants and developers. A few have participated in the users list; mainly activity takes place on developer mailing list. .Activity summary:. .http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/incubator-drill-dev/.June to date 5 June, 29 (mainly jira; some discussionMay 2013, 135 (jira, focused discussionsApril 2013, 188 (jira; focused discussionsMarch 2013 260 (jira, focused discussions .Topics in discussion on the dev mailing list included but not limited to:. . Evolution of logical plan syntax with addition of operators including the Value and Union Distinct operators. Advantages and disadvantages of Parquet versus ORC. ValueVector construct and requirements. The relative performance of Janino based compilation versus javax.tools.Javacompiler. Initial development of execution engine environment. Discussion of various types of large array and off heap data structure libraries. RPC protocol and framework. .Code. .For details of code commits, see http://bit.ly/14YPXN9 and http://bit.ly/19IyID1.There has been great progress around both evolution of the reference interpreter and. .In the last three months, there have been many commits including:. Initial implementation of RPC framework. Base client and Zookeeper based client abstraction. SQL parser with JDBC driver. Distributed query scheduling framework. ValueVector implementations. Large number of reference interpreter tests and fixes. .Community Interactions. .There is now a weekly Drill hangout conducted remotely through Google hangouts Tuesday mornings 9am Pacific Time to keep core developers in contact in realtime despite geographical separation. Results from these discussions are shared with the discussion list through meeting minutes and all are welcome to attend. This has been helpful in speeding development and averages attendance of 8-10 developers each week. .Presentations. .There have been presentations from community members at conferences, meet-ups and through the weekly Google hangout. As you can see from http://drill-user.org/ there were few more HUGs/BUGs where Drill was presented/discussed (in Europe) - the blog itself might also be considered to manifest a contribution (?. We have published an article on Drill in the Big Data journal http://www.liebertpub.com/big. .Sample presentations:. Introduction to Apache Drill, Bay Area Analytics Group 2 April 2013 by Tomer Shiran. Interactive Ad hoc query at scale: talk at Hadoop User Group UK by @mhausenblas. Apache Drill Technical Overview: talk at Google Hangout, May 22 by Jacques Nadeau available at http://slidesha.re/123mSDh. Drill Technical update @April 16 Hangout by Jacques Nadeau available at http://slidesha.re/ZDBvWP. Drill Dissection at NoSQL matters (April) @mhausenblas video available at http://bit.ly/13Ffk7b. All You Need to Know About Drill, talk during Big Data Week #bdw13 by Michael Hausenblas on 26 April http://bit.ly/17L1rD. Deep Dive into Drill Implementation 3 June at Berlin Buzzwords by Ted Dunning and Michael Hausenblas. .Slides. .Slides from Drill presentations posted online such as at slideshare get a large number and increasing number of views. .Articles. .An invited interview with Ted Dunning in an O’Reilly white paper by Mike Barlow titled “Real Time Big Data Analytics: Emerging Architecture” discussed Apache Drill; there have been a number of blog posts. .Social Networking. .@ApacheDrill Twitter entity is active and has grown to 362 followers. .How project has developed since last report:. .1. Wiki has been updated regularly.2. Significant code drops have been checked in from a number of developers.3. Significant design documents have been created and discussed.4. Additional non-code contributors have become active and are being encouraged. .Please check this when you have filled in the report for Drill. .Signed-off-by:.Ted Dunning: (drillGrant Ingersoll: (drillIsabel Drost-Fromm: (drill.