Chukwa is a log collection and analysis framework for Apache Hadoop clusters.Chukwa has been incubating since 2010-07-14.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Added a new policy page for how to contribute to Chukwa at: http://wiki.apache.org/hadoop/Chukwa_How_To_Contribute. 2. Added irc channel to improve interaction among developers. 3.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?.A retiring voting thread on Chukwa mailing list, and the voting passed. A second vote thread in Incubator mailing list was cancelled. After further discussion, there are activities on Chukwa community from contributors, and there is only a few contributors voiced to continue. William A Rowe Jr and Chris Douglas have resigned from mentor position. Bill resigned to reduce excessive participation in too many communties. Chris resigned in protest of difference in opinion of Chukwa graduation/retirement decision. There were important discussions in Chukwa private, and incubator list, which mentors did not agree on the community activity can meet graduation. The worry of growth has taken it's toll in Chukwa community in the past 2 years. New plans are recommended from Alan Cabrera to plan for what the community want to do in 2013. .How has the community developed since the last report?.The development activities is near the same level as the last report, incremental and small improvements.How has the project developed since the last report?.We added new JMX adaptor to stream monitoring metrics from Java process.A small number of bug fixes, and planning for the following changes in 2013:.- Primary focus is to collect Hadoop and related technology log files and metrics.- Add web UI for showing a list of running adaptors.- Add web UI for showing status of data streams written to destination.- Consolidate Agent and Collector features to use Chukwa Agent as the primary process for data collection.- Replace SequenceFileWriter with WebHDFS support, discuss if changing sequence file format to avro make sense.Please check this when you have filled in the report for Chukwa.Signed-off-by:.Jukka Zitting: (chukwaAnt Elder: (chukwaBernd Fondermann: (chukwaAlan Cabrera: (chukwa.Shepherd notes:.Dave Fisher: I see from late November discussions about Ant and Jukka becoming new Mentors for Chukwa.I see a VOTE for retirement with one voter continuing afterwards.Retirement? How much more time to see if the community redevelops?.