Rya (pronounced "ree-uh" /rēə/) is a cloud-based RDF triple store that.supports SPARQL queries. Rya is a scalable RDF data management system built.on top of Accumulo. Rya uses novel storage methods, indexing schemes, and.query processing techniques that scale to billions of triples across.multiple nodes. Rya provides fast and easy access to the data through.SPARQL, a conventional query mechanism for RDF data.Rya has been incubating since 2015-09-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Populate the website for the project. 2. Become familiar with the release process and have a first release as. part of the Apache. 3. Create a "how to" document to explain the ways new contributors can. become involved in the project, so we increase the size of the. community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. All initial committers submitted their ICLAs and are subscribed to the dev. and private mailing lists. There are 32 subscribers to the dev list. The. initial committers are learning to use the Apache infrastructure and. processes. We gave a presentation on Rya at Duke University, trying to. increase awareness about the project.How has the project developed since the last report?. Infrastructure is now set up (mailing lists, repositories, JIRA, etc Getting the code reviewed for final publication took about 3 weeks, which. was longer than we expected, but the code is now imported into the Apache. git repository. We are working on creating a website for the project.Date of last release:. Not applicable - the code was just imported into Apache repository.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Not applicable.Signed-off-by:. (rya) Josh Elser. (rya) Edward J. Yoon. (rya) Sean Busbey. (rya) Venkatesh Seetharam.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Sean Busbey (busbey):. Getting things started took a bit, presumably due to the review needed. to get the code out, but the fledging community has been responsive to. feedback. The next month should give a better idea of how strong a hand. the mentors will need to use.