Rya (pronounced "ree-uh" /rēə/) is a cloud-based RDF triple store that.supports SPARQL queries. Rya is a scalable RDF data management system built.on top of Accumulo. Rya uses novel storage methods, indexing schemes, and.query processing techniques that scale to billions of triples across.multiple nodes. Rya provides fast and easy access to the data through.SPARQL, a conventional query mechanism for RDF data.Rya has been incubating since 2015-09-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Populate the website for the project. 2. Expand the "how to" document to explain the ways new contributors can. become involved in the project, so we increase the size of the. community. 3. Become familiar with the release process and have a first release as. part of the Apache Foundation.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. - We started having questions and some traffic on the dev list generated. by non-committers. There are 33 subscribers to the dev list, about half. of them non-committers. - We started a discussion and created an initial draft of a document about. how new contributers can contribute to the project and what should be. the workflow. - The initial committers continue to learn to use the Apache. infrastructure and processes.How has the project developed since the last report?. - Started working on updating the licence headers and poms to prepare for. an Apache release. - Modified the Rya manual to markdown and linked it from the readme file,. so the documentation is easier to access. - Working on new features: inconsistency detection, cloning, delete. support for secondary indices. - Still working on creating a website for the project.Date of last release:. Not applicable.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Not applicable.Signed-off-by:. (rya) Josh Elser. (rya) Edward J. Yoon. (rya) Sean Busbey. (rya) Venkatesh Seetharam.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Sean Busbey (busbey):. Good community discussion this month. PPMC proactively reaching out to. mentors about ASF questions, which is great. Josh Elser (elserj):. Steady progress being made by members. Nothing concerning to me.