Rya (pronounced "ree-uh" /rēə/) is a cloud-based RDF triple store that.supports SPARQL queries. Rya is a scalable RDF data management system built on.top of Accumulo. Rya uses novel storage methods, indexing schemes, and query.processing techniques that scale to billions of triples across multiple nodes.Rya provides fast and easy access to the data through SPARQL, a conventional.query mechanism for RDF data.Rya has been incubating since 2015-09-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Have a first release as part of the Apache Foundation. 2. Expand the documentation to be more formalized and more representative of. the current codebase. 3. Add new committers to the project.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. A new committer was invited and accepted to join the committers for Apache. Rya (incubating. Talk on Rya at the DC Graph Database meetup on August 30, 2016. Online presentation on Rya to a group of researchers and developers from. Cray on September 29, 2016. Talk on Rya accepted at Accumulo Summit, October 11, 2016. The Rya "office hour" teleconference continues every other week, with few. exceptions when people are too busy. Users and developers can ask. questions, receive answers, discuss ideas for future developments. The. minutes are sent to the dev@ list. Attendance at these meetings has grown. beyond existing committers of the project to include new contributors. New. contributors have led the discussion for new features that they have helped. develop. We continue posting minutes and reference slides from the. meetings on confluence to provide reference documentation to new. contributors. Multiple PRs from several non-committers which are integrated into the. repository continue to be received.How has the project developed since the last report?. Worked on the first release. The first release candidate was proposed, but. the vote did not pass on the dev list. Working on the next release. candidate. Resolved a handful of issues that users have encountered. Committed features: added a benchmark tool for the pre-computed joins. optimizer; added support for property chain inference; integrated Apache. Fluo (incubating) with Rya so triples inserted in Rya are inserted into. Apache Fluo (incubating) too in order to incrementally update any. pre-computed joins registered with Fluo; added OPTIONAL support for. pre-computed joins.Date of last release:. Not applicable. Initial vote on first release candidate did not pass on dev. list. Working on the next release candidate.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. New committer Caleb Meier elected on August 31, 2016.Signed-off-by:. (rya) Josh Elser. (rya) Edward J. Yoon. (rya) Sean Busbey. (rya) Venkatesh Seetharam.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.JE: Podling had a first release candidate staged, but it failed to numerous.incompatibly-licensed transitive dependencies. Progress on release is stalled,.but not forgotten.