Rya (pronounced "ree-uh" /rēə/) is a cloud-based RDF triple store that.supports SPARQL queries. Rya is a scalable RDF data management system built.on top of Accumulo. Rya uses novel storage methods, indexing schemes, and.query processing techniques that scale to billions of triples across multiple.nodes. Rya provides fast and easy access to the data through SPARQL, a.conventional query mechanism for RDF data.Rya has been incubating since 2015-09-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Have more releases as part of the Apache Foundation. 2. Increase diversity of contributors. 3. Continue to harden and develop core Rya features to improve user. experience.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. New committer and PPMC member, David Lotts, was invited and accepted to. join Apache Rya PPMC. Committer Caleb Meier joined Rya PPMC. Sean Busbey resigned as mentor. Billie Rinaldi became a mentor for Rya. Talk on Rya at Accumulo Summit, October 11, 2016. PRs from non-committers which are integrated into the repository continue. to be received.How has the project developed since the last report?. We had the first successful release as part of the ASF. Resolved an incompatible-licensed geospatial dependency so we can have. the successful ASF release - we refactored the code to isolate an. optional module . Resolved a handful of issues that users have encountered. Committed features: implemented new commands for Rya console: AddUser. (give perimssions to users for the tables associated with Rya instance),. RemoveUser , Uninstall, LoadStatementsFile. Added merge tool to allow. cloning between Mongo and Accumulo instances. Added initial Spark. support.Date of last release:. 2016-10-28. .When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. New committer and PPMC member David Lotts elected on Oct 25, 2016. New PPMC member Caleb Meier elected on Jan 3rd, 2017.Signed-off-by:. (rya) Josh Elser. (rya) Edward J. Yoon. (rya) Venkatesh Seetharam. (rya) Billie Rinaldi.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Josh Elser. The podling put in a substantial amount of work to get their first. release out. We noticed that their geospatial indexing support was. bringing in a bunch of incompatibly licensed deps. Multiple members made. an effort to both understand the problem and the potential to address it. I was/am very happy both with their patience, effort, and concern that. was given to the problem. It was a good sign that they will pay attention. to these kinds of problems on their own in the future (self-governing.