Rya (pronounced "ree-uh" /rēə/) is a cloud-based RDF triple store that.supports SPARQL queries. Rya is a scalable RDF data management system built.on top of Accumulo. Rya uses novel storage methods, indexing schemes, and.query processing techniques that scale to billions of triples across multiple.nodes. Rya provides fast and easy access to the data through SPARQL, a.conventional query mechanism for RDF data.Rya has been incubating since 2015-09-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Have more releases as part of the Apache Foundation. 2. Increase diversity of contributors. 3. Continue to harden and develop core Rya features to improve user. experience.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Talk on Rya accepted at Apache Big Data, May 18, 2017. PRs from non-committers (14 contributions from 6 non-committers) which. are integrated into the repository continue to be received.How has the project developed since the last report?. Resolved a handful of issues that users have encountered. Committed features: Added support for select {?s ?p ?o} queries (select. all triples Implemented MongoDB based entity secondary index. Added. MongoDB column visibility. Fixed column visibilities in Fluo. Added. GeoWave, in addition to GeoMesa, to the optional rya.geoindexing. Added. statement metadata optimizer so that reified queries can be issued in an. efficient way.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. Oct 28, 2016.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. New committer and PPMC member David Lotts elected on Oct 25, 2016. New PPMC member Caleb Meier elected on Jan 3rd, 2017.Signed-off-by:. (rya) Josh Elser. Comments:. Things seem to be going well. Relatively quiet, but not a problem. (rya) Edward J. Yoon. Comments:. (rya) Venkatesh Seetharam. Comments:. (rya) Billie Rinaldi. Comments:.