Rya (pronounced "ree-uh" /rēə/) is a cloud-based RDF triple store that.supports SPARQL queries. Rya is a scalable RDF data management system built on.top of Accumulo. Rya uses novel storage methods, indexing schemes, and query.processing techniques that scale to billions of triples across multiple nodes.Rya provides fast and easy access to the data through SPARQL, a conventional.query mechanism for RDF data.Rya has been incubating since 2015-09-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Have more releases as part of the Apache Foundation. 2. Increase diversity of contributors. 3. Continue to harden and develop core Rya features to improve user. experience. .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Adina Crainiceanu presented two Rya talks at Apache Big Data North America on May 16-18 in Miami:. 1. a 10 minutes presentation at the Podling Shark Tank, and a . 2. full presentation on Apache Rya - A Scalable RDF Triple Store. Pull Requests and issue reports from non-committers which are integrated into the repository continue. to be received.How has the project developed since the last report?. Resolved a handful of issues that users have encountered. GeoTemporal Indexing. Expanded reasoning capabilities by implementing owl:hasValue inference. Added construct query support, aggregation support (sums, counts, averages, max, min), and geo temporal filtering to Rya Fluo Incremental Updater. Mongo backed entity centric index. Merged pull request for singleton AccumuloMinicluster to speed up integration tests.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2016-10-28.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. New committer and PPMC member David Lotts elected on Oct 25, 2016. New PPMC member Caleb Meier elected on Jan 3rd, 2017.Signed-off-by:. (rya) Josh Elser. Comments: Relatively quiet, not much happening on the community or code side. I see some contributions from non-committers in the past month. Need to push. podling towards growing their member-base, and set some goals. (rya) Edward J. Yoon. Comments:. (rya) Venkatesh Seetharam. Comments:. (rya) Billie Rinaldi. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. David Fisher: From http://rya.incubator.apache.org/download/ there is no release. No way for potential users to easily find the October release.