Rya (pronounced "ree-uh" /rēə/) is a cloud-based RDF triple store that.supports SPARQL queries. Rya is a scalable RDF data management system built on.top of Accumulo. Rya uses novel storage methods, indexing schemes, and query.processing techniques that scale to billions of triples across multiple nodes.Rya provides fast and easy access to the data through SPARQL, a conventional.query mechanism for RDF data.Rya has been incubating since 2015-09-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Increase diversity of committers.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Apache Rya 3.2.12 (incubating) released. More people expressed interest in contributing to Rya. More discussions about graduation.How has the project developed since the last report?. Apache Rya 3.2.12 (incubating) released. Improved documentation for deploying Rya PCJ Updater. Created a Rya Shell for MongoDB. Integrated RyaStreams with the Rya Shell. Added PCJ indexer support for MongoDB backend. Implemented a forward-chaining rules engine that runs as a batch process,. operates on user-defined SPIN rules, and inserts derived information back. in Rya. Added the ability to use the MongoDB aggregation pipeline to evaluate. simple SPARQL expressions for MongoDB backend. Implemented single node Kafka streams incremental SPARQL processor. Plans to improve the SPARQL endpoint to improve standards compliance.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-03-04.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. PPMC member Caleb Meier elected on Jan 3rd, 2017.Signed-off-by:. (rya) Josh Elser Comments: More heavy-handed-ly encouraging the podling. to graduate. (rya) Edward J. Yoon Comments:. (rya) Venkatesh Seetharam Comments:. (rya) Billie Rinaldi Comments:.