Rya (pronounced "ree-uh" /rēə/) is a cloud-based RDF triple store that.supports SPARQL queries. Rya is a scalable RDF data management system built.on top of Accumulo. Rya uses novel storage methods, indexing schemes, and.query processing techniques that scale to billions of triples across.multiple nodes.Rya provides fast and easy access to the data through SPARQL, a conventional.query mechanism for RDF data.Rya has been incubating since 2015-09-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Increase diversity of committers.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. The community is moving towards graduation: restarted discussion on. graduation and started to complete the items required for this step. We welcome new users and contributors from Semantic Web Company. A CCLA. from Semantic Web Company is being worked on. Received multiple logo proposals. Community discussed and voted a new. logo. We lost two mentors, but the remaining two mentors are very responsive. and helpful.How has the project developed since the last report?. Changed RdfFileInputTool to accept multiple input paths, so it can load. RDF data from multiple folders. Changed from guava's iterators to Java collection's iterators to avoid. versioning issues due to the recent change in Guava's. Iterator.emptyIterator visibility. Minor improvements to code and documentation.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-03-04.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. PPMC member Caleb Meier elected on Jan 3rd, 2017.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Our two remaining mentors are very helpful and responsive.Signed-off-by:. (rya) Josh Elser. Comments: Discussion on dev@ that may be missed here, interest from. some new contributors ("semantic web company") seems to be genuine and. helps bolster diverse podling population. Hoping that graduation will. push to completion this time and not run out of steam as the last. times did. (rya) Billie Rinaldi. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.