Rya (pronounced "ree-uh" /rēə/) is a cloud-based RDF triple store that.supports SPARQL queries. Rya is a scalable RDF data management system built.on top of Accumulo. Rya uses novel storage methods, indexing schemes, and.query processing techniques that scale to billions of triples across.multiple nodes. Rya provides fast and easy access to the data through.SPARQL, a conventional query mechanism for RDF data.Rya has been incubating since 2015-09-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Become familiar with the release process and have a first release as. part of the Apache Foundation. 2. Expand the "how to" document to explain the ways new contributors can. become involved in the project, so we increase the size of the. community. 3. Add new committers to the project.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. We have a Rya "office hour" teleconference every other week. We had. some technical difficulties with screen sharing, but we had a working. solution for the last meeting. Users and developers can ask questions,. receive answers, discuss ideas for future developments. The minutes are. sent to the dev@ list. We have more PRs from non-committers which are integrated into the. repository. We expect some of these non-committers to continue to. submit PRs and become committers. There were several ideas from Rya for Google Summer of Code, and a few. students expressed interest; one of them submitted a proposal.How has the project developed since the last report?. Created a quick-start VM for users to try out Rya. Created a website for the project. Resolved a handful of issues that users have encountered. Committed features: incremental update for precomputed join indices,. extensions to query planning to support more complex precomputed join. indices, free text search support for MongoDB, additional Geo indexing. for MongoDB, extensions of examples for both Accumulo and MongoDB backed. Rya.Date of last release:. Not applicable.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Not applicable.Signed-off-by:. (rya) Josh Elser. (rya) Edward J. Yoon. (rya) Sean Busbey. (rya) Venkatesh Seetharam.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Sean Busbey (busbey):. Project activity was a little slow, due to other time commitments for. the dev community, but folks had a great discussion around next steps. when it came time for a draft report.