Sharding-Sphere is an ecosystem of transparent distributed database middleware, focusing on data sharding, distributed transaction and database orchestration.ShardingSphere has been incubating since 2018-11-10.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Clear Brand issues with other ecosystem projects.Further ASF culture and processes.Make more apache releases.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.Have two Apache releases already. There are 4.0.0-RC1 and 4.0.0-RC2. All licenses and checklist are fine.There are other several related project on GitHub org in ShardingSphere ecosystem, before or during project joined the ASF incubator, such as extension modules, UI, benchmark and acceptance test, they were using ShardingSphere- prefix in project name, which may cause brand issue. We are trying to fix these. All ShardingSphere- have been renamed to OpenSharding-, and all old releases with ShardingSphere- are declared for not apache release. We have already transfer benchmark and UI project to apache repo and plan to merge extension modules and acceptance test into Apache repo.Another brand related issue is ShardingSphere in DockerHub, including some binary releases, which have been moved apache release versions to ASF Infra.https://hub.docker.com/r/apache/sharding-proxy.All of these are only including the approved releases.Right now, the brand issues are under control, so we think board or IPMC may do not need do any actions for now.How has the community developed since the last report?.Yanan Zhao, Haisheng Sun, Guangyuan Wang and Qi Wang have been voted and joined as committer.There are 74 people to contribute codes to the main repo, it increase pretty quickly. More and more people starting to provide pull requests for new features, minor enhancement, bug fix, example, documentation and answer questions. We are happy to see the community are growing up.Over 100 companies have confirmed they are using ShardingSphere through issue report, our powered-by page Some companies has already provided some patches to feedback the community.How has the project developed since the last report?.Release 4.0.0-RC2 last month, main feature is data encryption.Setup benchmark report which can generate data every day to show performance status of ShardingSphere's changes.Manage contributions for squash merge pull requests, forbidden push dev branch directly and setup code review procedure.Merge donated Sharding-UI project to dev branch and planning to release it at 4.0.0-RC3.Process donated auto scale up tool from community, processing dependencies and licenses now.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.2019-08-24.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-09-23.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Mentors are responsive and helpful. Things tend to be on the right way.Signed-off-by:. (shardingsphere) Willem Ning Jiang Comments: Shardingsphere ppmc did a good job to bring more active contributors to the committer list and I saw they were trying hard to growing the community.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.