ShardingSphere is an ecosystem of transparent distributed database middleware, focusing on data sharding, distributed transaction and database orchestration.ShardingSphere has been incubating since 2018-11-10.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Clear Brand issues with other ecosystem projects.Further ASF culture and processes.Make more apache releases.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No. Right now, the brand issues are under control, so we think board or IPMC may do not need do any actions for now.There are still several related project on GitHub org in ShardingSphere ecosystem, before or during project joined the ASF incubator, such as extension modules, extension module examples and acceptance test are not in Apache repo. We have already moved some extension modules into Apache repo, and plan to transfer all of them soon.How has the community developed since the last report?.Ya Li, Zhiyi Yan have been voted and joined as committer.There are 89 people to contribute codes to the main repo, there are 15 new contributors during last report. We are happy to see the community are growing up.Over 100 companies have confirmed they are using ShardingSphere through issue report, and show at powered-by page[1]. Individuals from different companies and communities have provided some patches to feed back ShardingSphere community.Share a topic for Apache way and how to join ShardingSphere community in Apache meetup at Tsinghua University.Finish Podling Maturity Assessment for ShardingSphere[2].Plan to establish a co-meetup with Apache DolphinScheduler(incubator) in Beijing at Dec 8th.[1]https://shardingsphere.apache.org/community/en/poweredby/.[2]https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/SHARDINGSPHERE/Podling +Maturity+Assessment+for+ShardingSphere.How has the project developed since the last report?.Release 4.0.0-RC3 last month, main features are UI and SQL92 supported.Accept donated sharding-scaling project and will merge to trunk before next release.Plan to release 4.0.0 stable version soon.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.2019-11-22.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-11-13.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Mentors are responsive and helpful. Things tend to be on the right way.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Yes. We don't find any 3rd parties incorrectly using the podling‘s name and brand for now.Signed-off-by:. (shardingsphere) Willem Ning Jiang Comments: Shardingsphere made a very good progress of growing the community, I think it's time to consider the graduation. (shardingsphere) Von Gosling Comments: developer community is very active in github issues and pr. IMO, if we could take brand / trademarks well in the next, it would be nice to call for graduation.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.