Sharding-Sphere is an ecosystem of transparent distributed database middleware, focusing on data sharding, distributed transaction and database orchestration.ShardingSphere has been incubating since 2018-11-10.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Continuing to grow the community.Make several candidate releases.Make a GA release to make user API stable.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.The community has been growing. We have more contributors during those 3 months. A UI project has already donate to ShardingSphere. We have finished the second apache release on 24 August. The count of GitHub issues are 1800+, the count GitHub pull requests are 1000+.How has the project developed since the last report?.We are merging new UI project to dev branch. The new features data mask and distribute transaction have finished.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.2019-08-24.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-01-21, but there are some active potential committers may prompt soon.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Mentors are responsive and helpful. Things tend to be on the right way.Signed-off-by:. (shardingsphere) Craig L Russell.Comments: The project is reviewing the "committer bar" which may be set too high. There is plenty of activity, mainly focused on Github dialog. (shardingsphere) Willem Ning Jiang.Comments: It's good to see that shardingsphere PPMC put lot efforts on building community, and making a good release. (shardingsphere) Von Gosling.Comments: well in commuity activities, especially in Github Issues and PRs.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: The stats show don't mean much to people outside your project, please drop them from future reports and include commentary on how you project is growing instead. Given there lots of activity I would expect this report to have a lot more detail. A quick look at that stats, without explanation, suggests to me that this project is in trouble,. You have a large number of contributors, and outstanding pull request, but are not voting committers in. Please discuss with your mentors what the committer bar should be and what it means to be a committer.