Gobblin is a distributed data integration framework that simplifies common.aspects of big data integration such as data ingestion, replication,.organization and lifecycle management for both streaming and batch data.ecosystems.Gobblin has been incubating since 2017-02-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make frequent releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Various major components and futuristic features are being driven by the .community . (non-committers) thus building a very healthy pool of contributors that .can be voted . in as committers. . Continued growth in engagement over Gitter IRC, and mailing lists. 79% of commits (a record in Gobblin community) were from non-committer .contributors. Email stats since last report:. user@gobblin.incubator.apache.org : 44 dev@gobblin.incubator.apache.org : .200. There have been 66 Commits since last report:. git log --format='%ci' | grep -cE '(2018-0(4|5|6|7))'. 52 ie. 79% of those commits were by non-committers:. git log --format='%ae %ci' | grep -E '(2018-0(4|5|6|7))' | cut -d ' ' -f 1. | sort | uniq -c | sort -n. Recurring video conference based meetup has been happening every month .with a . healthy attendance. Gobblin was presented and well received in various meetups / conferences . around the world (independently by Apache community members.How has the project developed since the last report?. Major progress in Gobblin's evolution as Platform-as-a-Service - being .driven . by couple of non-committers. . Comprehensive work being driven by a non-committer for stability of .Gobblin . cluster at extreme scale. . Enhancements to key integrations such as Salesforce, Couchbase, Kafka, .etc. . Addition of features for compliance and security. Increased adoption in .this . area by the community (for critical use-cases such as GDPR . Release 0.12.0 done. .How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-07-02 .When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Joel Baranick in December, 2017. .Signed-off-by:. (gobblin) Jean-Baptiste Onofre. Comments:. (gobblin) Olivier Lamy. Comments:. (gobblin) Jim Jagielski. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.