Gobblin is a distributed data integration framework that simplifies common.aspects of big data integration such as data ingestion, replication,.organization and lifecycle management for both streaming and batch data.ecosystems.Gobblin has been incubating since 2017-02-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. Nothing at this time.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. 92% of commits were from non-committer contributors. Email stats since last report:. user@gobblin.incubator.apache.org : 27. dev@gobblin.incubator.apache.org : 218. There have been 61 Commits since last report:. git log --format='%ci' | grep -cE '((2018-1(0|1|2))|(2019-01))'. 56 ie. 92% of those commits were by non-committers:. git log --format='%ae %ci' | grep -E '((2018-1(0|1|2))|(2019-01))'|. cut -d ' ' -f 1 | sort | uniq -c | sort -n. Recurring video conference based meet-up has been happening every. month with a healthy attendance. After ApacheCon NA 2018, Gobblin was also presented in CrunchConf . Budapest 2018, and has independently been featured in various . meet-ups / conferences around the world.How has the project developed since the last report?. Multi-hop support in Gobblin-as-a-Service with in built workflow . manager. Multicast through Multi-hop flow compiler. Gobblin-as-a-Service integration with Azkaban. New Elasticsearch writer intergration. Optimized block level distcp-ng copy support. HOCON support for flow requests to GaaS. Ability to fork jobs when concatenating Dags. ServiceManager to manage GitFlowGraphMonitor in multihop flow compiler. Distributed job launcher with Helix tagging support. Several more enhancements and feature add-ons. . Full list across last two releases. Release 0.14.0 done.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-12-09.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Tamas Nemeth in November, 2018.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Yes.Signed-off-by:. (gobblin) Jean-Baptiste Onofre. Comments: . (gobblin) Olivier Lamy. Comments:. (gobblin) Jim Jagielski. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Justin Mclean: Given that 92% of commit are from non-committers why does. the project not vote more committers in? I can only see one committer . voted in in the previous year. For a project nearing graduation I'd expect. to see a lot more people voted in. I also don't see what is discussed in the. video conferences being brought back to the list.