Gobblin is a distributed data integration framework that simplifies common aspects of big data integration such as data ingestion, replication, organization and lifecycle management for both streaming and batch data ecosystems.Gobblin has been incubating since 2017-02-23.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Revisit Apache Maturity Model assessment. [In progress since last report].Ensure heavy contributors are awarded committership. [In progress since last report].Complete house-keeping tasks like revisiting website, podling namesearch. [In progress since last report].Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No.How has the community developed since the last report?.84% of commits were from non-committer contributors. (Active contributors are being discussed for being voted as committersHealthy engagement and activity of committers and contributors.Email stats since last report: user@gobblin.incubator.apache.org : 23 dev@gobblin.incubator.apache.org : 2010.There have been 94 Commits since last report: git log --format='%ci' | grep -cE '((2019-1(0|1|2)))'.79 ie. 84% of those commits were by non-committers: git log --format='%ae %ci' | grep -E '((2019-1(0|1|2)))' | cut -d ' ' -f 1 | sort | uniq -c | sort -n.How has the project developed since the last report?.Add support to deploy GaaS in Azure.Converter to eliminate recursion in Avro schemas.Make token refresh mechanism pluggable for long running Gobblin-on-Yarn applications.Refactor code for reporting Kafka Extractor stats to allow greater reuse.Add support in GaaS to recognize Http and Hive based datasets.Add multi-dataset support in GaaS to allow movement of multiple datasets in a single flow.Add support to recognize datasets with Unix timestamp based versions for file based distcp.Custom progress reporting from jobs running in MR mode to enable speculative execution.Source-based PK chunking for the Salesforce connector to use a single PK chunking query to improve chunk distribution and conserve batch API calls.Parquet support for complex types and support both apache parquet and twitter parquet.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.2018-12-09.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Sudarshan Vasudevan in January, 2019. (Active contributors are being discussed for being voted as committers.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Yes.Signed-off-by:. (gobblin) Jean-Baptiste Onofre.Comments:. (gobblin) Jim Jagielski.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.