Gobblin is a distributed data integration framework that simplifies common aspects of big data integration such as data ingestion, replication, organization and lifecycle management for both streaming and batch data ecosystems.Gobblin has been incubating since 2017-02-23.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Revisit Apache Maturity Model assessment. [In progress since last report].Complete house-keeping tasks like revamp website, podling namesearch. [In progress since last report].Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.Yes, we were asked to report again this month since our mentors couldn't sign off the report. We would recommend IPMC or ASF Board to establish a documented process this situation.How has the community developed since the last report?.Email stats since last report: dev@gobblin.incubator.apache.org : 504 (April), 79 (May, so farThere have been 30 Commits since last report: git log --format='%ci' | grep -cE '((2020-0(4|5)))'.17 ie. 56% of those commits were by non-committers: git log --format='%ae %ci' | grep -E '((2020-0(4|5)))' | cut -d ' ' -f 1 | sort | uniq -c | sort -n.How has the project developed since the last report?.Support for common job properties in Helix job scheduler.New API for getting list of proxy users from Azkaban project.New API for adding proxy user to Azkaban project.Refresh capability in LogCopier for long running job use-cases.Back flow remove feature for Spec executors in DAG manager.Support for complete action configuration in Compaction suite.New metrics to measure job status state store performance.Orchestration delay reporter for Gobblin service flows.Dependency version upgrades for Helix, ORC, MySQL.Bug fixes in YarnService to use new token for new containers.Enhance HelixManager to reinitialize when Helx participant check happens.Enable close-on-flush for quality checker.Enable record count verification for ORC format.Add flow level data movement authorization in GaaS.OrcValueMapper schema evolution up-conversion support.Multiple bug fixes and optimizations.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.2018-12-09.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Kuai Yu in January 2020 and Lei Sun in February 2020.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes, but they missed to sign off last quarterly report.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Yes, but we have to perform podling namesearch.Signed-off-by:. (gobblin) Jean-Baptiste Onofre.Comments: I think the podling is close to graduation. Maybe worth to start a discussion.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: If a report doesn't get sign off you need to report next month. This is documented incubator policy. I suggest you reach out to your mentors if you don't see sign-off on your report. The IPMC also notifies mentors of late reports or reports without sign offs.