Gobblin is a distributed data integration framework that simplifies common.aspects of big data integration such as data ingestion, replication,.organization and lifecycle management for both streaming and batch data.ecosystems.Gobblin has been incubating since 2017-02-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make frequent releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Gobblin has seen an exciting growth on the community front. It has grown into a diverse self-sustained community, where non-committer members are often seen helping out each other on mailing lists and Gitter IRC (on most days more than the committers Many contributors have also stepped up and contributed with important features and taken up ownership of critical components. . 70% of commits have been from non-committer contributors. . Email stats since last report: . user@gobblin.incubator.apache.org : 92 . dev@gobblin.incubator.apache.org : 671. Heavy activity on Gitter IRC channel (while the community uses Gitter IRC, it also does self policing and consciously moves any discussion-thread beyond casual chatter to the mailing lists There have been 148 Commits since last report:. git log --format='%ci' | grep -cE '(2017-0(9))|(2017-1(0|1|2)|(2018-0(1)))'. 103 ie. 70% of those commits were by non-committers:. git log --format='%ae %ci' | grep -E '(2017-0(9))|(2017-1(0|1|2)|(2018-0(1)))' | cut -d ' ' -f 1 | sort | uniq -c | sort -n. Recurring video conference based meetup has been happening every month with healthy attendance. Gobblin was presented and well received in various conferences eg. Strata etc. More companies have adopted Gobblin, and different members of PPMC have received positive feedback and interest.How has the project developed since the last report?. Several new powerful features have been added to Gobblin that have enhanced Gobblin to be more valuable in Stream processing as it is in batch data world. Gobblin interestingly has started to evolve into an ecosystem rather than a singular platform with addition of major sub-systems such as Gobblin-as-a-Service (PaaS for Gobblin as well as non-Gobblin systems), Global Throttling (can be used with any distributed system) and existing Gobblin metrics. Documentation and stability has improved across the board. . Release v0.12.0 is being voted on right now. . The Apache way has become the normal way of doing things. .How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Gobblin has made good progress on the Community front and overall as a project. However, before calling it nearing graduation, we will like to make atleast couple of releases. . Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. v0.12.0 is being voted on right now.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Joel Baranick in December, 2017. . (We have a few more strong contributors that we are looking to vote in soon.Signed-off-by:. (gobblin) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. Comments: . (gobblin) Olivier Lamy. Comments:. (gobblin) Jim Jagielski. Comments:.