(introduced to Apache incubator on Jul 4, 2011.Kafka provides an extremely high throughput distributed publish/subscribe.messaging system. Additionally, it supports relatively long term persistence.of messages to support a wide variety of consumers, partitioning of the.message stream across servers and consumers, and functionality for loading.data into Apache Hadoop for offline, batch processing.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. None. Previously, there was some concern about the diversity of the project. that we believe has been addressed:. - The project now has active committers from four companies. - and continues to receive patches from other contributors from various. institutions. We are considering whether to pursue graduation immediately or focus. exclusively on the development of 0.8.Any issues that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board might wish/need to be aware of:. None.How has the community developed since the last report:. - The mailing list continues to be very active with bug reports, patch. submissions, feature requests and use cases. [(Apr,May,Jun): kafka-users (151, 261, 251); kafka-dev (142, 195, 380)]. - Added two new committers. - Conducted the first Kafka user group meeting with over 50 attendees. (archived video link available here: https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/KAFKA/Kafka+papers+and+presentations. This was a very successful event that gave users and contributors an. opportunity to meet and discuss Kafka usage at various companies, ongoing. development efforts, feature requests, etc. - Received and reviewed several major patches (including contributions from. non-committers.How has the project developed since the last report:. - Intra-cluster replication (KAFKA-50 - Considerable progress has been made on the design and implementation of. this much-anticipated feature. - Regular status updates are being sent out on the kafka-dev mailing list. - Another significant project that is under discussion and development is. the consumer redesign (KAFKA-364) and consumer coordinator implementation. (KAFKA-264. - Released Kafka 0.7.1 in June. This is the second Kafka release since its. introduction to Apache incubator.Signed off by mentor: Alan Cabrera.Shepherd: Matt Franklin.