Geode is a data management platform that provides real-time, consistent access.to data-intensive applications throughout widely distributed cloud.architectures.Geode has been incubating since 2015-04-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Expanding the community to include contributors and committers. outside of Pivotal. 2. Execute and manage the project according to governance model. required by the "Apache Way". 3. Have our first Apache (incubating) release (currently blocked. on us solving JGroups licensing issues.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. The project had around 350 messages and around a 100 different people. joined the discussions on the mailing lists, covering all sorts of. topics, from development model to new features. ICLAs for initial committers are filled and processed. The wiki has been kept up to date based on mailing list discussions,. with processes for:. - Code Review and submissions. - Branching and versioning. - Code of Conduct. - Social Media guidelines and accounts. - Twitter account (https://twitter.com/apachegeode - Slideshare account (http://www.slideshare.net/ApacheGeode - Gravatar/Wordpress (https://en.gravatar.com/apachegeode. There are 46 open issues on JIRA, 5 resolved. Several external pull requests. Review process is in place and has. been done using ASF ReviewBoard. Community events and conferences:. - ApacheCon Austin 2015. - Implementing a Highly-Scalable Stock Prediction System with R,. Geode and Spring XD - Fred Melo, Pivotal and William Markito,. Pivotal(April 15 - Unleashing the Silicon Forest Fire - the Open Sourcing of. GemFire - Brian Dunlap, Southwest Airlines; Sudhir Menon; Pivotal;. Jags Ramnarayan, Pivotal; Dan Smith, Pivotal (Wednesday, April 15 - PJUG - Portland JUG (25 attended - Unleashing the Silicon Forest Fire: the open sourcing of GemFire. - Hands-on Virtual Meetup for Apache Geode (incubating) #1 (Tuesday,. June 2, 2015 9:00 am - IMCSummit, 6/30. - Implementing a Highly Scalable In-Memory Stock Prediction. System with Apache Geode, R and Spring XD. (Tuesday, June 30 2015 1:50 PM 2:30 PM - Pivotal Toronto User Group - 06/24. - Introducing Apache Geode -. http://www.meetup.com/Toronto-Pivotal-User-Group/events/222239293/. - Pune/India Meetup - 6/6 3:30 PM to 6:30 PM. - Discussion on Apache Geode -. http://www.meetup.com/TechNext/events/222608288/. - SpringOne, 9/14 - 9/17. - Building Highly Scalable Spring Applications with In-Memory Distributed. - Data Grids. - Implementing a highly scalable Stock prediction system with R,. Geode and Spring XD.How has the project developed since the last report?. - Initial SGA from Pivotal has been received and processed including the. initial code drop. - Source code packages will also be renamed from com.gemstone to. org.apache.geode in order to allow an easier path to become a TLP. - Pivotal is going to deliver the final code drop by end of June. adding important features to the project such as:. - Off Heap support. - HDFS Integration. - Command line utilities. - JVSD - Statistic visualization tool. - The main command line interface will be renamed from GFSH (GemFire. Shell) to GEODE, as per community voting. - The project decided (mailing lists) to follow the RTC. (Review-Then-Commit) policy initially and re-evaluate after some iterations. - Jenkins nightly builds are setup. - DockerHub account with a nightly build. - https://registry.hub.docker.com/repos/apachegeode/. - ASF Infrastructure setup:. - Wiki. - JIRA. - Jenkins. - GitHub integration.Date of last release:. N/A - Just nightly builds.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.As part of the initial incubation process - 2015-04-27.Signed-off-by:. (geode) Konstantin Boudnik. (geode) Chip Childers. (geode) Justin Erenkrantz. (geode) Jan Iversen. (geode) Chris Mattmann. (geode) William A. Rowe Jr. (geode) Henry Saputra. (geode) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.