Geode is a data management platform that provides real-time, consistent.access to data-intensive applications throughout widely distributed cloud.architectures.Geode has been incubating since 2015-04-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Have our first Apache (incubating) release (currently blocked on us. solving JGroups licensing issues) GEODE-77. 2. Expanding the community to include contributors and committers outside. of Pivotal. 3. Execute and manage the project according to governance model required. by the "Apache Way".Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Geode now has a Zeppelin interpreter. In August 120 issues were created and 59 resolved, bringing the total to. 304 created and 136 resolved. There were 6 pull requests to github in the last 30 days, for a total of. 18 pull requests. There were 322 messages on the dev list and 63 messages on the user. list. There are now 117 subscribers on the user and 127 on the dev list. Events and Conferences in August:. QCon Rio: (30 attended In-Memory Analytics and Machine Learning in practice with Spark,. Geode, Spring XD and Docker http://s.apache.org/91n. Geode Clubhouse: Roundtable. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaOB3d-pvTI>) where 10 issues were. discussed in the community. (about 20 participated. September:. Geode clubhouse: Building Effective Apache Geode Applications with. Spring Data GemFire (Sept 8th Three talks at "Apache: Big Data Europe". - An introduction to Apache Geode (incubating - Building a highly scalable open-source Real-time Streaming Analytics. system using Spark SQL, Apache Geode (incubating), SpringXD and. Apache Zeppelin (incubating - Implementing a Highly Scalable In-Memory Stock Prediction System. with Apache Geode (incubating), R and Spring XD.How has the project developed since the last report?. Great progress has been made on JGroups issue, where many unit and. integration tests now pass on the feature/GEODE-77 branch. Good progress has also been made on stabilizing CI, by fixing various. intermittent failures in integration tests.Date of last release:. NA - Just nightly builds.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 7 members missed in the initial PMC list were added by vote on June 15,. 2015.Signed-off-by:. (geode) Konstantin Boudnik. (geode) Chip Childers. (geode) Justin Erenkrantz. (geode) Jan Iversen. (geode) Chris Mattmann. (geode) William A. Rowe Jr. (geode) Henry Saputra. (geode) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Konstantin Boudnik (cos):. . Jan Iversen has resigned from the PPMC today, citing personal reasons.