Geode is a data management platform that provides real-time, consistent.access to data-intensive applications throughout widely distributed butt.architectures.Geode has been incubating since 2015-04-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Have our first Apache (incubating) release (currently blocked on us. solving JGroups licensing issues) GEODE-77. 2. Expanding the community to include contributors and committers outside. of Pivotal. 3. Execute and manage the project according to governance model required by. the "Apache Way".Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. - The community has elected Nitin Lamba as its first Release Manager. - Project website is being revamped. - In September 73 issues were created and 26 resolved, bringing the total. to 382 created and 164 resolved. - There was 1 pull requests to github in the last 30 days, for a total of. 19 pull requests. - There were 319 messages on the dev list and 32 messages on the user list. - There are now 128 subscribers on the user and 117 on the dev list. - Events and Conferences:. In September:. Four talks at "Apache: Big Data Europe". - An introduction to Apache Geode (incubating - Building a highly scalable open-source Real-time Streaming Analytics. system using Spark SQL, Apache Geode (incubating), SpringXD and Apache. Zeppelin (incubating - Implementing a Highly Scalable In-Memory Stock Prediction System with. Apache Geode (incubating), R and Spring XD. - Apache Geode (incubating): The First Six Months. Two talks at SpringOne:. - Implementing a highly scalable Stock prediction system with R, GemFire. and Spring XD http://s.apache.org/gOc>. - Building Highly-Scalable Spring Applications with In-Memory,. Distributed Data Grids http://s.apache.org/LHS>. Geode clubhouse: Building Effective Apache Geode Applications with Spring. Data GemFire (Sept 8th. Geode clubhouse (roundtable): Sept 30th. Meetup in Cork Ireland: http://s.apache.org/HV1. Meetup in London: http://s.apache.org/sOM. Upcoming in October:. Geode Clubhouse: Transactions (Oct 6th Geode Clubhouse: Roundtable (Oct ?.How has the project developed since the last report?. - A wiki page has been setup to track the first release:. http://s.apache.org/2d6. - 11 items have been identified to reach the first release. - Almost all unit tests now pass on feature/GEODE-77 branch (The JGroups. feature branch. - Good progress has also been made on stabilizing CI, by fixing various. intermittent failures in integration tests.Date of last release:. N/A - Just nightly builds.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.Signed-off-by:. (geode) Konstantin Boudnik. (geode) Chip Childers. (geode) Justin Erenkrantz. (geode) Jan Iversen. (geode) Chris Mattmann. (geode) William A. Rowe Jr. (geode) Henry Saputra. (geode) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.