Apache Geode is a distributed, in-memory database with strong data.consistency, built to support transactional applications with low latency.and high concurrency needs.Geode has been incubating since 2015-04-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Have our first Apache (incubating) release. 2. Expanding the community to include contributors and committers outside. of Pivotal. 3. Execute and manage the project according to governance model required. by the "Apache Way".Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. - The only item pending for the Alpha-1 release is completion of the. LICENSE and NOTICE file review (GEODE-610 - The Geode Clubhouse hosted a meeting covering detailed aspects of. OQL/Querying on Geode presented by Jason Huynh. Video to be published on. YouTube (https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaY2q0UlWjAgEGL7uhCLs6A - The new website is live and with good feedback from community, check it. out!. - The breakdown of JIRA tickets is the following:. Q3 / 2015 - 65 created, 19 resolved. Q4 / 2015 - 342 created, 227 resolved. Q1 / 2016 - 11 created, 6 resolved. - There was a total of 66 pull requests on GitHub with 7 still open. - The breakdown of the mailing lists messages for October, November and. December of 2015:. org.apache.geode.issues 2,473. org.apache.geode.commits 2,242. org.apache.geode.dev 1,247. org.apache.geode.user 169. - There are now 143 subscribers on the dev and 135 on the user mailing. lists. - Upcoming community events in January / 2016:. - FOSDEM 2016 in Brussels:. - Taxi trip analysis (DEBS grand-challenge) with Apache Geode. (incubating - Big Data meets Fast Data: an scalable hybrid real-time. transactional and analytics solution.How has the project developed since the last report?. - GEODE-77 (about JGroups) got merged into develop making a release now. possible. This was a huge effort and now JGroups is treated like any. other dependency in the project allowing for easy updates when needed. - There is Agile Dashboard tracking the release progress:. http://s.apache.org/s0v. - Builds now runs Apache RAT for license audit thanks to a Gradle plugin. (GEODE-608 - Jenkins nightly build now produces source and binary artifacts. Namely. apache-geode-src-1.0.0-incubating-SNAPSHOT.tar.gz and. apache-geode-1.0.0-incubating-SNAPSHOT.tar.gz. - The code for HTTP session replication and Hibernate modules are now. being merged into develop. (GEODE-14 - The community did a squashathon (GEODE-409 branch) focusing to fix. intermitent failures on the CI with great results, increasing the number. of Unit and Integration tests. Current numbers are the following, by. category:. . UnitTest: 1,572 tests. IntegrationTest: 2,571 tests. DistributedTest: 7,166 tests.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. N/A.Signed-off-by:. (geode) Konstantin Boudnik. (geode) Chip Childers. (geode) Justin Erenkrantz. (geode) Jan Iversen. (geode) Chris Mattmann. (geode) William A. Rowe Jr. (geode) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Konstantin Boudnik (cos):. . For the next report: for me as a mentor (and perhaps for others on IPMC it is not very insightful to see the number of pull requests or JIRAs. opened. It isn't what "project development" constitutes in my mind. I. would like to see more info about how project is getting into Apache Way,. what important discussions are held, what decisions are made through. community consensus, etc.