Gora is an ORM framework for column stores such as Apache HBase and Apache Cassandra with a specific focus on Hadoop.A list of the three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation. 1. Fix failing module tests within the Jenkins CI build. 2. Update both project site and wiki documentation with specific emphasis on Hbase, Cassandra and SQL modules as well as the release process. 3. Write tests for Cassandra module as this would provide an additional layer of consistency to the project. This is fundamental before a 0.2-incubating release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. 1. The Gora PPMC recently voted to extend an invitation to Ferdy Galema, he has however noted that he is on holiday and will not be able to accept until his return. 2. The community plans a 0.2-incubating release soon, and it will likely coincide with the graduation VOTE that Chris Mattmann, champion for Gora, will put forth. .How has the community developed since the last report?.With the addition of Ferdy Galema, as stated above there has also been interest from one of Ferdy's colleagues and additionally Keith Turner who is working on the Accumulo (Apache Incubator) project. Keith's intention is to build a gora-accumulo store which would add significantly to Gora. .The project is currently VOTE'ing on its graduation, at this thread: http://s.apache.org/AbC. So far community response looks good. If the VOTE passes, we'll head over to general@incubator.and raise the VOTE there. If all is well on that VOTE, we're targetting a January 2012 resolution to the board.How has the project developed since the last report?.Gora was voted into the Incubator by the IPMC on September 26, 2010.Gora 0.1.1-incubating was successfully released on 24 September 2011 which displays that the project has made 2 releases since entering the incubator. Additionally a Jenkins CI build has been established and work is on way to firstly fix the broken tests, before working to improve overall code test coverage. In particular the modular nature of the project meant that developers have decided that a Maven build was more appropriate than an Ant/Ivy implementation. .Signed off by mentor: mattmann.