Gossip is an implementation of the Gossip Protocol.Gossip has been incubating since 2016-04-28.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. A project leveraging Apache Gossip such as. https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/IGNITE-4837. 2. Two additional active committers to handle management tasks like code. review. 3. Continued releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Two students are submitting proposals for Google Summer of Code. Both have. already contributed features which were committed to the project. We are. hopefully they both proposals will be accepted.How has the community developed since the last report?. The mailing list has been active with several people who were drawn to the. project by GSOC 17 labels placed on our tickets. Two of them have. contributed features that have been committed, and a third person (who will. not be doing GSOC) has asked to be assigned a ticket. Our last release had. roughly 5 different contributors, The mailing list is fairly active as we. review GSOC proposals. We have more than 50 stars on github which shows. that visibility is making a steady climb.How has the project developed since the last report?. A release 0.1.1 was completed right before our last report. We made an. aggressive list of features for 0.1.2. We de-prioritized some of the items,. but we completed far more than we expected. We had improvements in. performance, testing, and features. CRDT support seemed to be the biggest. 'splash' feature.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. I am happy with the continued feature development and code/test. improvement. We are attracting interest of some new developers who seem. likely to stay involved and potentially be committers in the future. While. the majority of management and reviews is done by a few, others are. beginning to help with tasks like code reviews. As pointed out in the "move. towards graduation" section, having a couple other highly active. reviewers/committers would be a positive next step.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-04-02 (April 02.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Chandresh Pancholi added as a committer in February 2017.Signed-off-by:. (gossip) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments:. Gossip is slowly but steadily growing its community. The GSOC. participation was a great step in that regard. (gossip) Josh Elser. Comments:. The podling is still working to attract new members, but those. involved so far are doing well. (gossip) Drew Farris. Comments:. It is great to see the interest driven by GSOC participation. . Kudos to the team for engaging with GSOC.