Optiq is a highly customizable engine for parsing and planning.queries on data in a wide variety of formats. It allows.database-like access, and in particular a SQL interface and.advanced query optimization, for data not residing in a.traditional database.Optiq has been incubating since 2014-05-19.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Migrate fully to Apache infrastructure (next: web site and. nightly builds. 2. Re-organize code into org.apache.optiq namespace. 3. Regular releases. 4. Build an ASF community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need.to be aware of?. With the mentors' permission, we released an unofficial. release, optiq-0.8. Optiq has been making regular releases,. approximately monthly, and this has built momentum in the. community. Continuing this practice helps hold the community. together. We intend to that the next release (0.9, end of July is an official Apache Incubator release.How has the community developed since the last report?. This is our first report. The community remains very similar to. the point where we joined the Incubator. We are doing outreach. Julian Hyde gave two talks related to Optiq at Hadoop Summit. Julian Hyde attended the ACM SIGMOD conference and discussed. Optiq with several researchers. Optiq was mentioned in. several talks there. An online meeting (via Google hangouts) for the community is. scheduled for July 1st.How has the project developed since the last report?. This is our first report. Adopting Apache infrastructure:. We have completed necessary SGAs, and transferred code from. github to Apache git, and begun committing to Apache. git. (Original github site still online, but marked. "retired" with redirection page. We have transferred github issues to Apache JIRA, and are. using Apache JIRA for issue management. Some members have complained that the traffic on dev@ is too. great - requesting an issues@ mailing list for jira update. traffic. We made an unofficial release (optiq-0.8) on 2014-06-27.Date of last release:. No releases yet under the Incubator. (But see unofficial. release 0.8, above.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. No new committers since we joined the Incubator.Signed-off-by:. (optiq) Ted Dunning. (optiq) Alan Gates. (optiq) Steven Noels.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.