Wookie is a Java server application that allows you to upload and deploy.widgets for your applications. Wookie is based on the W3C Widgets.specification, but widgets can also be included that use extended APIs.such as Google Wave Gadgets and OpenSocial.Wookie has been incubating since 17th July 2009.Wookie has a small, reasonably active community, however, the majority of.that activity is focussed around one or two individuals. The main issue we.would like to address before graduation is to ensure we have more diversity.in our community. However, as it stands we could probably graduate as we meet.the minimum criteria (5 committers from 3 organisations We recognise that.some IPMC members would suggest graduation at this point might help.accelerate community growth. We intend to discuss this within the community.over the next quarter whilst also seeking to expand our community.One strategy for this is to reach out to projects and teams already using.Wookie and encourage their developers to contribute back to the community.We know several projects (both in commercial and academic sectors) that have.been conducting R&D activity using Wookie and we want to make sure we can.bring in both contributions from these projects and also welcome their.developers into our community.However we feel that Wookie will only really become fully sustainable when.there is more uptake of the W3C Widgets/Native Web Applications.specifications into "real" systems and products. On this front we're active.and visible in W3C, along with PhoneGap/Apache Cordova (incubating) who also.support W3C Widgets (the W3C Native Web Apps Community have a co-chair who.is a Wookie committer and another who is a Cordova committer Another.strategy has been to support integration in Apache Rave (currently preparing.to graduate) as this is a way to build our user base (and is also a great way.to demo Wookie Another approach we're looking at is how we can use Wookie.to deploy widgets that relate to ASF processes and activities as a way of.raising awareness and interest; we've done some experiments with Widgets.using the Jira API as a starting point for a demonstrator.In any case, we can certainly do more to promote Wookie and generate interest.Since November 2011:. - 0.9.1 release. - Received updated patch for oAuth support from community member. - Received documentation contribution for packaging Wookie as a portable. app on a USB stick.Next steps:. - 0.9.2 release using an improved and simplified release process. - Developer outreach activity (see above - Improve communication about Wookie. - ASF Widgets demo.Issues before graduation:. - build community/expand user base.Signed off by mentor: rgardler, ate.