Wookie is a Java server application that allows you to upload and deploy.widgets for your applications. Wookie is based on the W3C Widgets.specification, but widgets can also be included that use extended APIs.such as Google Wave Gadgets and OpenSocial.Wookie has been incubating since 17th July 2009.Progress since February 2012:. - 0.9.2 release. - Hoang Minh Tien added as Committer. - Matt Franklin added as Mentor. - Improved release documentation. - GSoC student project.Next steps:. - implement new release schedule (aligned with Apache Rave - 0.10.0 release using new release process. - start graduation process after release. - ASF Widgets demo.Issues before graduation:. - none.Details:.In our last report we identified our target for this period was to identify.ways to improve the diversity of the Wookie community.Since our last report we added a new committer (Tien) and we are now diverse.enough to graduate (6 committers from 4 organisations), although we are still.a small community.We feel that graduation of the project will also help attract new.contributors, and we will seek approval to graduate during the next.quarter, after the 0.10 release which is imminent.As well as graduation, we have agreed that having more frequent scheduled.releases, coordinated with Apache Rave may also help with community.development.Matt Franklin has joined Wookie as a mentor and is active in helping with.this process.We've also created a lot of detailed documentation on the release process.and are encouraging more committers take a turn at being release manager.to both test the documentation and to spread the experience of doing this.more widely.Our first release under the new schedule will be 15th May.Another approach we're (still) looking at is how we can use Wookie to deploy.widgets that relate to ASF processes and activities as a way of raising.awareness and interest; we've done some experiments with Widgets using the.Jira API as a starting point for a demonstrator and we may want to explore.this further.We also have a GSoC student project with Wookie this year.Signed off by mentor: rgardler, mfranklin, ate.