Apache Rave is a a widgets-based, web-and-social mashup platform. It will.provide an out-of-the-box as well as an extendible lightweight Java platform.to host, serve and aggregate (Open)Social Gadgets, W3C Widgets and services.through a highly customizable and Web 2.0 friendly front-end.Rave entered incubation on 2011-03-01.Project Development:. - Venkat Mahadevan was voted in as new committer and PPMC member in January. - Three additional releases (0.6-incubating, 0.7-incubating, 0.8-incubating since the last report. - A next 0.9-incubating release candidate is being voted on on the dev list. - Apache Wookie is now integrated and bundled with the 0.9-incubation. release candidate. - A patch for easier and more modular integration of Apache Shindig in. Rave has been accepted and applied by Shindig.Community Development. - Rave received honorable mention in the 2011 Open Source Rookies of the. Year selection from Black Duck Software. - Ate Douma represented the ASF and Rave in a public webinar from. Black Duck Software "Code well and Prosper with OSS: How Apache and. Eclipse Help Developers Succeed". - Matt Franklin did a live demo and presentation on Rave at the. OpenSocial 3.0 Kickoff . - Community interaction on mailing list remains high and rising. - Discussions on architecture and roadmap plans towards a 1.0 release. are heating up.Tasks done and remaining to graduate:. - A suitable name search has been executed on usage of "Apache Rave" . - IP Clearance of all code donations have been performed and resolved. - All other relevant Incubating work items have been resolved . - The Rave PPMC has voted on and accepted to graduate and collaborated. on the proposed board resolution. - The Rave PPMC decided with general consensus to propose Matt Franklin. as new Chair for Apache Rave. - The IPMC has voted on and accepted the graduation proposal on March 1st. (exactly 1 year after entering the incubator) . - The Apache Rave graduation proposal has been added to the next board. meeting agenda.Signed off by mentor: ate, rgardler.