Apache Rave is a new web and social mashup engine It will provide an out-of-the-box as well as an extendible lightweight Java platform to host, serve and aggregate (Open)Social Gadgets, W3C Widgets and services through a highly customizable and Web 2.0 friendly front-end.Rave entered incubation on 2011-03-01.Current Status:. Releases. Two additional releases (0.4-incubating & 0.5-incubating) have been released since the last report. A 0.6-incubating release is currently being voted on on the dev list. Community Growth. Rave committers & PPMC members have attended multiple events to meet and engage additional community members. The ApacheCon Rave meetup & hackathon were well attended . The Rave community is actively engaging projects that are building on or leveraging Rave. Jasha Joachimsthal was voted in as a new PPMC member in November. Sean Cooper was voted in as a new committer and PPMC member in November. Dev mailing list is saw increased traffic from new users/contributors. A community request (Sakai project) for a git mirror was honored: Rave is now also available from git.apache.org/rave.git. General. A preliminary integration with Apache Wookie is now provided with the 0.6-incubation release (pending), full integration (bundling Wookie) is slated for the next release. The commit rate remains high (~75 commits / month Website documentation is steadily improved and extended. A presentation about Rave, focusing on Apache, community and collaboration, was given by Matt Franklin and Ate Douma at ApacheCon 2011 November 11th.Next steps:. Continue to build up awareness of Rave and grow the community. Further collaboration and coordination with Shindig and Wookie. Further modularize Rave to support extending and customizing for end users/developers. Keep up the pace for the monthly release schedule, working towards a 0.7-incubating release by end December 2011.Issues before graduation:. Complete 1.0 release. Expand the community/user base.Signed off by mentor: ate, rgardler.