MXNet is an open-source deep learning framework that allows you to define,.train, and deploy deep neural networks on a wide array of devices, from.cloud infrastructure to mobile devices. It is highly scalable, allowing for.fast model training, and supports a flexible programming model and multiple.languages. MXNet allows you to mix symbolic and imperative programming.flavors to maximize both efficiency and productivity. MXNet is built on a.dynamic dependency scheduler that automatically parallelizes both symbolic.and imperative operations on the fly. A graph optimization layer on top of.that makes symbolic execution fast and memory efficient. The MXNet library.is portable and lightweight, and it scales to multiple GPUs and multiple.machines. A list of the three most important issues to address in the move.towards graduation.1. Migrate code(GitHub) and website to Apache. .2. Grow the community:.2.1 Improving documentation including APIs & Tutorials.2.2 Improving user-experience, for example improved error messages.3 Establish a dependable, Apache-way consistent release process.3.1 Features: New operators requested by user community. . Accelerate performance on CPUs and GPUs. Any issues that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board might wish/need to be.aware of:.Code and website have taken time to get moving on. The plan is to discuss .these with Apache Infra at ApacheCon and then get the code migrated in May. How has the community developed since the last report.1. The community was engaged for contributions to API documentation and.tutorials.2. Slack channels have been created for the community to contribute.discussions to (though they need to move to the ASF Slack channel that .was recently created.3. In the last month, excluding merges, 51 authors have pushed 165 commits.to master and 180 commits to all branches. On master, 502 files have.changed and there have been 26,246 additions and 12,188 deletions. Count of.Closed Issues = 62, Count of New Issues = 146, Count of Merged Pull.Requests = 161, Count of Proposed Pull Requests = 27. How has the project developed since the last report.On GitHub:.1. The API Documentation has improved.2. More features (e.g. operators) requested by the user community has been added.3. Hardware acceleration like cuDDN6 integration and MKL ML package.integration was completed.4. A new Perl language binding for MXNet was added.5. Apache MxNet talk at Apache BigData North America on May 18, 2017 . How does the podling rate their own maturity.Maturity = Low. Initial setup and adjusting community to Apache-style interactions.Date of last release:. No @Apache release yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. No new committers added yet.Signed-off-by:. (mxnet) Sebastian Schelter. Comments:. (mxnet) Suneel Marthi. Comments: . (mxnet) Markus Weimer. Comments:. (mxnet) Henri Yandell. Comments: Starting to see movement on moving things to Apache. . The dev@ list is beginning to see traffic.