MXNet is an open-source deep learning framework that allows you to define,.train, and deploy deep neural networks on a wide array of devices, from.cloud infrastructure to mobile devices. It is highly scalable, allowing for.fast model training, and supports a flexible programming model and multiple.languages. MXNet allows you to mix symbolic and imperative programming.flavors to maximize both efficiency and productivity. MXNet is built on a.dynamic dependency scheduler that automatically parallelizes both symbolic.and imperative operations on the fly. A graph optimization layer on top of.that makes symbolic execution fast and memory efficient. The MXNet library.is portable and lightweight, and it scales to multiple GPUs and multiple.machines.MXNet has been incubating since 2017-01-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Migrate code (GitHub) and website to Apache Infra. 2. Grow the community. 3. Establish a reliable Release process consistent with Apache Way.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. . None.How has the community developed since the last report?. a) On 5/27 MXNet published a comprehensive edit and makeover of the. documentation including tutorials, how-to’s, APIs and architecture guides. This was a broad effort that involved over 40 contributors. b) The PMC voted in a new committer who has been helping with the code. migration and setup of the test infrastructure. We are making slow but. steady progress towards getting the GitHub code migrated. The target date. for migration is 7/17. Website migration will happen after that. c) Slack and dev@ are being used more actively. d) Two presentations/workshops on Apache MXNet at the O’Reilly AI Conf on 6/27 and 6/28. e) A new blog post published on 6/23 showing users how to Build a. Real-time Object Classification System with ApacheMXNet on Raspberry Pi. https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/ai/build-a-real-time-object-classification-system-with-apache-mxnet-on-raspberry-pi/.How has the project developed since the last report?. a) Since the last report 42 authors have pushed 326 commits to master. b) Documentation- Architecture guides, How To’s, Tutorials, and APIs have been improved. c) More features (e.g. operators) requested by the user community have been added. d) A new Perl language binding for MXNet was added.How would you assess the podling's maturity? . . Podling's still getting established in Apache - so maturity == Low. .Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release: . No Release yet, project is still getting established in Apache.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Ly Nguyen added as a committer and PPMC member in June 2017.Signed-off-by:. (mxnet) Sebastian Schelter. Comments:. (mxnet) Suneel Marthi. Comments:. (mxnet) Markus Weimer. Comments:. (mxnet) Henri Yandell. Comments:.