Myriad enables co-existence of Apache Hadoop YARN and Apache Mesos together.on the same cluster and allows dynamic resource allocations across both.Hadoop and other applications running on the same physical data center.infrastructure.Myriad has been incubating since 2015-03-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Get ebay to donate the code to ASF. Ebay is willing and has done this. before. The process is started, but will take time. 2. Get ICLAs from all committers and give them Apache accounts and karma. 3. Integrate with Apache infrastructure and make our first release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None. Just getting started.How has the community developed since the last report?. First report. Now we have mailing lists and discussions have started on. dev@. In addition to committers/contributors from the 3 initial. organizations (ebay, MapR, Mesosphere), we have 5 more contributors from. at least two different organizations. Gave presentations at Strata/Hadoop World and the March Bay Area Mesos. Users Group and London MUG meetups. Upcoming presentations at ApacheCon,. Data Science MD, and East Bay Big Data Group.How has the project developed since the last report?. First report. Recent commits/PRs include:. 1. Mesos framework authentication. 2. Gradle builds, checkstyle, and Spock unit testing. 3. In progress: Remote binary distribution. 4. In progress: High availability for the Scheduler/RM. 5. In progress: Dockerizing the Scheduler and Executor.Date of last release:. No releases yet. Still at 0.0.1 in the source.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Still working on getting ICLAs for intial committers. Then we will vote in. new committers from the existing developer community.Signed-off-by:. (myriad) Benjamin Hindman. (myriad) Danese Cooper. (myriad) Ted Dunning. (myriad) Luciano Resende.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. P. Taylor Goetz (ptgoetz):. The Myriad podling is still ramping up.