Description:.Myriad enables co-existence of Apache Hadoop YARN and Apache Mesos.together on the same cluster and allows dynamic resource allocations.across both Hadoop and other applications running on the same physical.data center infrastructure.Myriad has been incubating since 2015-03-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. Grow the community and enroll new committers. . Have (more) frequent Release cycles to be compliant with the Apache Way. Creating roadmaps for releases with goals (new features. Social media presence (new blog entries, conference talks. Unblock the issue [MYRIAD-264] Upgrade Mesos API to 1.5.x.Any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?:. This Poddlig is one of the listed at IPMC list thread. “Poddlings length of time in the incubator”. This Poddling was stalled. for about two years, however the current new PPMCs have the hope of. increasing the community unlocking the main issue we are facing. We. have had low dev-mailing list activity the pass months, nevertheless. we are working for unlocking our main issue.How has the community developed since the last report:. General low activity since June.How has the project developed since the last report:. No visible activity.How does the podling rate their own maturity:. Initial setup. Working towards next release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other: Working for outcoming our main blocker issue.Date of last release:. The 0.2.0 release was issued on Jun 29, 2016.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?:. 2018-05-22 New committer/PMC member Juan P. Gilaberte. 2018-03-28 New committer/PMC member Javi Roman.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?:. Yes. In particular Ted Dunning was really helpful for rebooting the. project.Signed-off-by:. (myriad) Benjamin Hindman. Comments:. (myriad) Danese Cooper. Comments:. (myriad) Ted Dunning. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. ted: Myriad is in the process of deciding whether to reboot as Apache or. to go independent. This is on the knife edge and I personally don't know. the right answer.