Myriad enables co-existence of Apache Hadoop YARN and Apache Mesos together .on the same cluster and allows dynamic resource allocations across both .Hadoop and other applications running on the same physical data center.infrastructure.Myriad has been incubating since 2015-03-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. MYRIAD-280: Improve overall stability. 2. MYRIAD-279: Reworking a new UI design. 3. MYRIAD-278: Create test-suit.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. A new release is coming, the community is engaged in the process of . creating versions every quarter. The new PPMCs are beginners creating. releases in the Apache way, and probably they will need some kind of. assistance from the mentor side.How has the community developed since the last report?. An increment of activity and newcomers with a desire to contribute, in . particular in the scope of the user interface, one of our main goals.How has the project developed since the last report?. One of our main issues was solved (MYRIAD-264: Upgrade Mesos API to 1.5.x so a new version can be unlocked.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other: new activity and feeling of project recovery.Date of last release:. The 0.2.0 release was issued on Jun 29, 2016. The 0.3.0 release is . planned for the next days.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-05-22 New committer/PMC member Juan P. Gilaberte. 2018-03-28 New committer/PMC member Javi Roman.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Yes, really helpful. In particular Ted Dunning was really helpful in. the assistance of advice and guidelines.Signed-off-by:. (myriad) Benjamin Hindman. Comments:. (myriad) Ted Dunning. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.