Myriad enables co-existence of Apache Hadoop YARN and Apache Mesos together.on the same cluster and allows dynamic resource allocations across both .Hadoop.and other applications running on the same physical data center.infrastructure.Myriad has been incubating since 2015-03-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. MYRIAD-283: Prepare for 0.3.0 release (Voting right now 2. MYRIAD-280: Improve overall stability. 3. MYRIAD-279: Reworking a new UI design.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We need new mentors, we have only one active mentor right now. We have. to increase the community and we have to increase the number of mentors. too. The PPMC number is a problem too, we are only two PPMCs/committers,. so we have problems with the minimum number of votes for consensus. https://www.mail-archive.com/dev@myriad.incubator.apache.org/msg02661.html.How has the community developed since the last report?. An increment of activity and newcomers with a desire to contribute,. in particular in the scope of the user interface, and at least three. new users ready for contributing.How has the project developed since the last report?. After a few years of inactivity the project is slowly getting activity,. as a matter of fact we are right now in the voting process of a new. release apache-myriad-0.3.0-incubating-rc1.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other: Almost ready for a new release, vote pending right now.Date of last release:. The 0.2.0 release was issued on Jun 29, 2016. The .3 release is planned. for the next days, if we have any help for unlocking the release.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-05-22 New committer/PMC member Juan P. Gilaberte. 2018-03-28 New committer/PMC member Javi Roman.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. We have only one active mentor, so we have new mentors as soon as . possible, this is one of the our main issues, we need help.Signed-off-by:. (myriad) Benjamin Hindman. Comments:. (myriad) Ted Dunning. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.