Myriad enables co-existence of Apache Hadoop YARN and Apache Mesos together on the same cluster and allows dynamic resource allocations across both Hadoop and other applications running on the same physical data center infrastructure.Myriad has been incubating since 2015-03-01.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.MYRIAD-279: Reworking a new UI design.MYRIAD-280: Improve overall stability.Rethink a new roadmap for empowering the project.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.We need new mentors. The PPMC number is a problem too, we are only two PPMCs/committers, so we have problems with the minimum number of votes for consensus.How has the community developed since the last report?.We don't have activity in our community for this period.How has the project developed since the last report?.After a few years of inactivity the project is slowly getting activity, at least from the PPMC point of view. The initial PPMCs are not active anymore, nevertheless the current PPMCs (only two right now) are able of continuing the project from a formal point of view, we are able of creating new releases and to put under control the ASF resources available for Myriad, so the current PPMCs has the knowledge of creating new releases from end-to-end.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building. Other: Reorganize the main goals of the project for getting new comers.Date of last release:.Release 0.3.0 on March, 25, 2019.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2018-05-22 Committer/PMC member Juan P. Gilaberte. 2018-03-28 Committer/PMC member Javi Roman.Have your mentors been helpful?.No answer.Signed-off-by:. (myriad) Ted Dunning Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Ted Dunning: I am much too busy lately to be an effective mentor. This increases the urgency to find new helpers, especially during a project reboot.Justin Mclean: Please ask on the incubator genral@ list for new mentors. How can you make release with only 2 PPMC members? Are there any committers or other people you can vote in as PPMC members?.