Myriad enables co-existence of Apache Hadoop YARN and Apache Mesos together on the same cluster and allows dynamic resource allocations across both Hadoop and other applications running on the same physical data center infrastructure.Myriad has been incubating since 2015-03-01.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Builds Apache Myriad releases regularly.Attract more users and contributors. Community growing.Attract new mentors for helping the project towards the Apache Way.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.We need new mentors, we have only one active mentor right now. We have to increase the community and we have to increase the number of mentors too in order to help us to address the Apache way with solid foundations.How has the community developed since the last report?.We have four active committers (PPMCs) right now. A new committer since the last report. This is a small increment from the community growing point of view, but it helps regarding the minimal amount of PPMCs for achieving a release cycle with regularity.How has the project developed since the last report?.The most important thing is the activity of creating new releases in a regular way. The Apache resources (project page, documentation page, …) are maintained and enhanced with new content. Taking into account the effort of rebooting the project (more than two years orphaned), the project is slowly addressing the right way, and we consider the project is successfully rebooted right now. This state allow us working towards attract new users and contributors in our humble opinion.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.The 0.4.0 release was issued on Aug 25, 2019.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-08-02 New committer/PMC member Oscar Fernandez.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.We have only two mentors right now. One of the is for ever missing, and the other is ready for help when the project needs. So we have only one active mentor. This is an issue to address with the help of IPMC.Signed-off-by:. (myriad) Ted Dunning.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: Please ask for another mentor on the incubator general list.