PageSpeed represents a series of open source technologies to help make the web.faster by rewriting web pages to reduce latency and bandwidth.PageSpeed has been incubating since 2017-09-30.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Work on ASF compliance with regard to the code base and website. needs review. 2. Create a first release. 3. Engage more active developers, expanding the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. One new pmc member/committer joined. There have been external contributions to . the code, but those have been mostly one-offs and not to the core product. We do see certain users committing to helping out others on the google group. and github, some of them consistently for months now. . In terms of user engagement activity continues to be healthy. (lots of questions, some of which have been added to the FAQ.How has the project developed since the last report?. Changes with regard to ASF/incubator compliance for the code-base, . dependencies, and existing website have been made for mod_pagespeed. There have been non-trivial dependency upgrades to address platform. compatibility issues. A bug fix for a relatively frequently reported issue is under review.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. N/A. A discussion on dev@ will be initiated to gauge consensus for spinning up . the release process based on the current code-base. The advantage is that. doing so would make transitioning from Google- to ASF- signed releases. low friction.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Feb 2 2018 (Huibao Lin, elected as both committer and PMC member.Signed-off-by:. (pagespeed) Jukka Zitting. Comments:. (pagespeed) Leif Hedstrom. Comments:. (pagespeed) Nick Kew. Comments:. (pagespeed) Phil Sorber. Comments:.