Open source system that enables the orchestration of IoT devices.iota has been incubating since 2016-01-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Overcome current technical difficulties. You might be asking what is. happening with Apache iota. The initial architecture that we wanted to. upload was not as scalable as we required it to be. Rather than upload. an architecture that we wanted to fundamentally change we have been. developing a new backend architecture and code based that implements a. significantly more scalable solution using Apache, Spark, Spark. Streaming and Cassandra. We are still using Python and Django for our. APIs and authentication (session and token based Consequently, you. haven’t seen any activity on the Apache iota site and repository. This. will be changing soon. Litbit (the contributing company whose business. runs on iota) has been working around the clock to remake the backend. using additional Apache components that makes the solution far more. scalable. 2. Set up web site and import code. We will be setting up the Apache iota. website to reflect the new architecture and uploading the initial. source code as quickly as we can. 3. Promote Iota to a wider user base / grow the community. We are planning. to promoting iota at an upcoming keynote being given by Scott Noteboom. (Litbit's CEO In addition we will be presenting iota at Apache Con in. May 2016. Our goal in promoting iota will be to start building a. community that will contribute to moving iota to it’s first release as. an Apache incubator project.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. This is the first submitted report.How has the project developed since the last report?. This is the first submitted report.Date of last release:. None.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None yet, just getting started.Signed-off-by:. (iota) Daniel Gruno. (iota) Sterling Hughes. (iota) Justin Mclean. (iota) Hadrian Zbarcea.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. John D. Ament (johndament);. Its a bit concerning to see that the project is starting off in a non-ASF. way. Even if the code isn't quite right for donation, may be better to. start off writing new code in the ASF repos. Justin Mclean (jmclean):. I too have concerns about why they are developing outside of the ASF. I've contacted them a few times with a please explain and have assurances. that this will be fixed. I'd suggest placing the podling on monthly. reports for a few more months. . Drew Farris (drew):. 2 mentors active on the mailing list this month, but little activity as. the team has not moved development to ASF. Concur with keeping podling on. monthly reports. . .