Apache Olingo provides libraries which enable developers to implement.OData producers and OData consumers. While starting with an initial.code base implementing OData version 2.0 it is also a clear goal to.start implementing a library for OData 4.0 once the OData standard is.published at OASIS. The focus within the community is currently on the.Java technology but it is up to the community to discuss if other.environments find interest.Olingo has been incubating since 2013-07-08.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make the first release. 2. Work on documentation. 3. Grow community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. - n/a.How has the community developed since the last report?. - Committers actively working on making the release. Effort is. coordinated by Jira and mailing list. - Committers are in mailing list contact with mentors and infrastructure. to extend infrastructure setup (e.g. Jenkins, KEYS files . - Some committers have started with KEY signing. This is in progress to. get all committers involved.How has the project developed since the last report?. - There is currently no feature development. - Instead committers do concentrate on making the first release. - A release candidate is available and discussed by community on mailing. list. - Release voting has started. - Documentation on web site is growing and will be published as soon as. the first release is available.Date of last release:. - not released so far.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. - n/a.Signed-off-by:. (olingo) Alan Cabrera. (olingo) Dave Fisher. (olingo) Florian Müller.Shepherd notes:. Raphael Bircher (rbircher):. Apache Olingo goes direction first release. They allready use mailing. list in a good way. It looks like they allready knows how to work with. lazy consensus. The Mentors are active in a good way. Well, the. documentation is poor at the moment. But the project knows this problem. and work on it. Looking forward for a release.