Apache Tuweni is a set of libraries and other tools to aid development of.blockchain and other decentralised software in Java and other JVM languages.Apache Tuweni has been incubating since 2019-03-25.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:. 1. Grow the community;. 2. Have the works of the project comply with legal requirements of the . ASF;. 3. Consistently releasing products;.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Currently there are no issues that require the involvement of either the. Incubator PMC or the ASF board.How has the community developed since the last report?. As this is the first full month of the project incubating the development. of the community has been low. The project started out with onboarding all parties showing interest. at the pre-incubation discussions in general@incubator.a.o. The project consists of a healthy number of mentors and committers/PPMC. Members.How has the project developed since the last report?. All required INFRA services have been put in play to have the community. collaborate. The project is working on getting more body to the whole set of . information pages (website, wiki, etc. The project is working on getting its first release product vetted and. released, and is also working on getting the Incubator clutch details. up to date.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. Nothing has been released yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. No new committers and or PPMC members have been elected since . bootstrapping the project.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks?. Our participating mentors have been very helpful sharing their insights in. a timely manner. Kudos to them!.Signed-off-by:. (tuweni) Jim Jagielski. Comments:. (tuweni) Dave Fisher. Comments: Good start! Already reviewing release candidates. (tuweni) Kenneth Knowles. Comments:. (tuweni) Jean-Baptiste Onofré. Comments:. (tuweni) Michael Wall. Comments:. (tuweni) Furkan Kamaci. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.