ECharts is a charting and data visualization library written in JavaScript.ECharts has been incubating since 2018-01-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Initiating a new release candidate (v4.2.1-rc1) on 2019-01-25. 2. Discussing having a new committer. 3. Discussing develop and release workflow.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. 1. The entrance of Website with Chinese version is under discussion. 2. Currently, the latest version on npm is an rc version. We are working . on retagging or deprecating it. 3. Legal problems are under discussion about third party license header.How has the community developed since the last report?. More issues are in English now due to our encouragement.How has the project developed since the last report?. The project has been improved and we issued a new release candidate on . 2019-01-25.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-08-04.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. NA.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Yes.Signed-off-by:. (echarts) John D. Ament. Comments:. (echarts) Kevin A. McGrail. Comments:I will continue to work with the podling to improve things .especially regarding unofficial releases. (echarts) Dave Fisher. Comments: We have provided guidance to the podling about pre-Apache . releases and unapproved releases. There is a thread which discusses an issue where code was . inspired by code another a different license,. but this was not a copy. If there is no conclusion on . legal-discuss@ then we will need to ask on a. LEGAL JIRA.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Justin Mclean: I think this report could have more detail and misses a. number of things that are report worthy. Next time carefully go. though the mail list and add anything that the IPMC (and board) would. want to know about.