ECharts is a charting and data visualization library written in JavaScript.ECharts has been incubating since 2018-01-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:. 1. Apache domain name should be used for the Website. . echartsjs.com and echarts.baidu.com should redirect to . echarts.apache.org. . Currently they are not redirecting due to slow loading time in China. . We are working on with a CDN to improve the loading time in China. 2. Website Analytics information should be accessed by PPMC members. We are going to create an Analytics account that can be accessed by PPMC . members. 3. Develop more committers from the community. Currently there are some contributors in the community that have . contributed continuously and should be considered as new committers.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We haven't come to a conclusion whether we could use Baidu Tongji in the . Website, . which is a product quiet similar to Google Analytics. We've consulted John Kinsella jlkinsel@gmail.com> as our mentor . suggested, but got no reply. See . https://lists.apache.org/thread.html/efa62d1ace0cc27f7ee4e47df94c346e863b6419f1d1e3ea6fe32c10@%3Cdev.echarts.apache.org%3E. My suggestion is to use both Baidu Tongji and Google Analytics. The . reason is that Baitu Tongji has only Chinese UI, while Google Analytics. may have the potential of losing some data in China since many Google products. are not accessible in China. If IPMC and ASF Board are OK with it, we will start a vote for the plan.How has the community developed since the last report?. We have announced our first new committer from the community. More people come to contribute in the community, in the forms of code . changes, document mending, and so on.How has the project developed since the last report?. We released v4.2.1.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2019-03-21.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2019-04-03.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Yes.Signed-off-by:. (echarts) John D. Ament. Comments: Glad to see issues getting unblocked as well as semi-recent . release. (echarts) Kevin A. McGrail. Comments: Nice to see things getting unblocked. I think a Terms & . Conditions will be needed for my signoff on using Baidu's analytics. but I'm not against it. (echarts) Dave Fisher. Comments: Thanks to Infra the issues blocking a full move to apache.org . domains are being addressed. The change is to build a one off CDN in China. (echarts) Ted Liu. Comments:. Justin Mclean: Is Baidu analytics compliant with the GDPR (EU General Data. Protection Regulation)? . You might also want to see MXNet's report about needing an ICP filing when. setting up CDN in China. I assume infra is handling this?.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.