ECharts is a charting and data visualization library written in JavaScript.ECharts has been incubating since 2018-01-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Solve CDN issue and redirect echarts.baidu.com to echarts.apache.org.Vote for more PPMC and bring diversity to it.Check tutorials and other documents to make sure users can find what they need, and the information is up-to-date. Keep the content of Chinese version and English version to be the same.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.We are still working on the Website speed problem before we can transfer it to Apache server. We are trying the CDN as suggested by Dave and York Shen. It may take several days before we can get conclusion. If this works, we will ask the infra for help with this CDN, if not, we should find other solutions. Currently, we put a banner stating "Apache ECharts is an effort undergoing incubation at The Apache Software Foundation (ASF), sponsored by the Apache Incubator.We are working on redirecting this Website to https://echarts.apache.org. You may visit our new official Website now.". Hopefully, this can help with the branding before we do the redirection.How has the community developed since the last report?.We got more contributors from the community. Last month alone, there are more than 10 non-committer contributors whose pull requests were merged in incubator-echarts project or doc project.The mailing list has been much more active these months. We are publicly discussing issues,monthly release plans, future plans and so on. And more people asked for help and have their problem solved from the mailing list.We are using social medias like YouTube, Twitter and Medium to help promote our project internationally and grow the community.We used labels to state the difficulty of fixing to make it easier for contributors to find bugs that are supposed to be fixed by beginners.How has the project developed since the last report?.We have released 2 versions since the last report and we are working on the vote of the third one these days. We have formed a monthly release procedure and made the process public.We made an automatic visual test framework, so that the testing job can be made more easily and more bugs can be found during pull request or testing stage before release.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2019-10-15.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-10-16.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes. They helped us a lot on the Website and suggestion of how to grow our community.Signed-off-by:. (echarts) Kevin A. McGrail.Comments: Continuing to make good and stready progress!. (echarts) Dave Fisher.Comments: Making progress. Looking forward to the resolution of the CDN issues. (echarts) Sheng Wu.Comments: Project PPMC has made a good progress toward the Apache way. Look forward you could make the community more active and diversity.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.