ECharts is a charting and data visualization library written in JavaScript.ECharts has been incubating since 2018-01-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Redirecting echartsjs.com to echarts.apache.org. See reason in the next question.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.https://echarts.apache.org/ recently changed to a different CDN as a work around for HTTPS CA expiration problem. (See.https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/INFRA-20185?page=com.atlassian.jira.pl ugin.system.issuetabpanels%3Aall-tabpanel ) The CDN change makes the website slow, at least in China as we tested. Our next step is to use echarts.apache.org as domain name and use echarts.cdn.apache.org as resource server. After fixing this problem, we will redirect echartsjs.com to echarts.apache.org so that the website redirection problem can be finally solved.How has the community developed since the last report?.The community has been more active on the mailing list and pull requests. We have been working on encouraging the community to contribute in varied forms and it seems to take effect. We received 23 pull requests from non-committers since last report.How has the project developed since the last report?.We release a new version since last report and is discussing and working on the next big version.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2020-03-18.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2020-02-21.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Mentors are very helpful and responsive.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.https://github.com/echarts-maps This GitHub user is creating ECharts related projects. We asked him to add notations stating that these are not official Apache ECharts (incubating) project. It has this description now: "All projects are NOT associated with official Apache ECharts (incubating) project and are independently maintained by chfw.". We also asked the author to add this notice to the readme of each projects but he has not finished this yet because there are many projects need to change. We are under communication with him about this.Signed-off-by:. (echarts) Kevin A. McGrail.Comments:. (echarts) Dave Fisher.Comments: I think that the project is getting close. Thanks KAM for helping with the CDN issues. (echarts) Sheng Wu.Comments: The project has a good progress.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.