ECharts is a charting and data visualization library written in JavaScript.ECharts has been incubating since 2018-01-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Ensure Mentors and IPMC have no remaining issues for graduating We are currently discussing graduation related topics under podling's dev mailing list and make sure PPMC and mentors have no remaining issues before we start discussing under general@incubator.Prepare a resolution.Propose votes in incubator and general mailing list.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.We have solved the CDN issue in China by providing a Cloud Service account that can be accessed by PPMCs and found the donor for the CDN fees. The donor Ming Zu is a senior manager of Baidu and fan of ECharts.How has the community developed since the last report?.The community has grown fast and more people are contributing to the project. 73 people have contributed to the project during incubation. Committers work for more than 6 different companies and from 3 different countries. We elected two committers to be PPMC members since last report.How has the project developed since the last report?.We have released a new version 4.8.0 and an alpha version 5.0.0-alpha.1 and we are working toward the official release of 5.0.0.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary.We have made the maturity assessment [1] and are currently discussing in the project's dev mailing list about it. Other: reviewing and discussing graduation requirements.[1].https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/ECHARTS/Apache+Maturity+Model+As sessment+for+ECharts.Date of last release:.2020-05-28.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2020-07-27.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Yes. Mentors have been very helpful and responsive.Are things falling through the cracks? If so, please list any open issues that need to be addressed. No.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Are 3rd parties respecting and correctly using the podlings name and brand? If not what actions has the PPMC taken to correct this? Has the VP, Brand approved the project name? The PPMC is managing the brand and trademarks. No problems found about this.Signed-off-by:. (echarts) Kevin A. McGrail.Comments: ECharts is doing well. (echarts) Dave Fisher.Comments: I expect that ECharts will graduate in the next month or two. (echarts) Sheng Wu.Comments: Expect the echarts will be ready for TLP soon.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.