Kalumet a complete environment manager and deployer including J2EE.environments (application servers, applications, etc), softwares, and.resources.Kalumet has been incubating since 2011-09-20.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Due to the low activity level, Kalumet community is thinking about. retiring Kalumet from the incubator.Community Developement:. Apache Kalumet 0.6-incubating version has been released. However, due to. some misunderstanding, the release vote has not been completed by 3 IPMC. Especially, some legal files issues have been raised. We are preparing a 0.6.1-incubating release to fix the legal files and. submit to IPMC vote. We are in the way of promoting the documentation on the website.Project Development:. We are preparing the 0.6.1-incubating (plan for December, 27) to fix the. legal files issues raised on 0.6-incubating release and have a complete. IPMC vote. We are preparing the 0.7-incubating release with the development changes. A new contributor has been identified and started to work on some issues. and refactoring of the webconsole (mockup provided using Vaadin. Local branches have been created containing:. - new model and REST API. - new webconsole (remove of Echo framework. These local branches will be merged on the 0.7-incubating branch (master. Before Graduation:. - The documentation has been updated and aligned with the 0.6-incubating. release. The documentation will be promoted on the website and "linked". in announcement e-mails as soon as the 0.6.1-incubating release has been. voted. - The 0.7-incubating release will fix the graduation issue, especially in. term of license (removal of Echo2 framework for the UI. Post Graduation:. - Kalumet scripts. It's the extension of the "software" concept globally. to all Kalumet resources. It will allow users to create custom. deployment/update plan, with a set of fine-grained steps.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of:. None so far.Date of last release:. 2013-11-22.Signed-off-by:. (kalumet) Jim Jagielski. (kalumet) Henri Gomez. (kalumet) Jean-Baptiste Onofre. (kalumet) Olivier Lamy.