Quickstep is a high-performance database engine that is designed to exploit.the full potential of hardware that is packed in modern servers. The initial.effort targets single-node in-memory environments.Quickstep has been incubating since 2016-03-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Building a Quickstep community. 2. More adoption of the Quickstep technology. 3. No releases so far.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Members of the community have become more aware about the release process. The details about the release process that we plan to use are well. documented so that future releases will be smooth and more frequent.How has the project developed since the last report?. We are working on our first release. Since the last report, we have done. the following: . We have made several changes to the code base. Some highlights are:. Cleaning up the third party library code as per the Apache hygiene,. improve the code performance by adding several novel features. Preparation for release: Created scripts and step by step procedural. documentation for how to make a Quickstep release. Scripts have been added to the main repo while documentation is on. confluence. We went through several release candidates. During this period, we identified some usability issues on our supported. platforms and fixed them.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. November 2016.Signed-off-by:. (quickstep) Konstantin Boudnik. Comments:. (quickstep) Julian Hyde. Comments:. Lots of effort going into the first release - it's taken a while, but. it's very welcome! The community is getting better at having. discussions on the list (and not just about code Have not seen many. potential new committers so far, but the release should change that,. and the project is starting to become more outward looking. (quickstep) Roman Shaposhnik. Comments:. good progress.