Quickstep is a high-performance database engine.Quickstep has been incubating since 2016-03-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Adoption of the Quickstep technology. 2. Grow the Quickstep developer community. 3. Work towards a second release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.A paper that describes the Quickstep system was accepted in a premier database.conference Very Large Databases (VLDB Link to the paper:.http://www.vldb.org/pvldb/vol11/p663-patel.pdf This paper should help the.system and the community to increase its reach further. We are already getting.emails from readers who are finding interest in the system. We are encouraging.the readers to be a part of the community.We have submitted a keynote proposal ApacheCon. If accepted, the.paper/presentation would help to increase the awareness of Quickstep project.in the Apache community.How has the project developed since the last report?.We have continued development of the code base. Apart from the routine bug.fixes, there are ongoing efforts for three main development directions.(respective JIRA issues have been opened):.1. Enhancing the type system used by Quickstep.2. Supporting concurrent queries in the system.3. Developing a distributed version of Quickstep.We are planning another release before summer.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-03-25.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2017-10-03 Robert Claus (committer.We have seen contributions from some new members (Yuanchen Li, Dylan Bacon and.Yusong Yang We will soon initiate the process for them to be committers.Signed-off-by:. (quickstep) Julian Hyde Comments: Development remains fairly active but. the podling's ability to build community outside its core community is a. major concern. (quickstep) Roman Shaposhnik Comments: big +1 to Julian's comment above. This is shaping up to be a vibrant, but a pretty small community. Another. concern is cadence of releases. A year between releases in a podling is. concerning.