Quickstep is a high-performance database engine.Quickstep has been incubating since 2016-03-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Adoption of the Quickstep technology. 2. Grow the Quickstep developer community. 3. Work towards a second release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Harshad presented the Quickstep paper at VLDB 2018 conference in Rio De . Janeiro, Brazil. The presentation was attended by many database researchers and industry . practitioners. The presentation had explicit calls to collaborate and participate in the . Apache community. We plan to reach out with those who expressed interest in the project. .How has the project developed since the last report?. The development activity was slow during the summer. There are ongoing efforts on the following objectives. 1. Enhancing the type system used by Quickstep. 2. Supporting concurrent queries in the system. 3. Developing a distributed version of Quickstep.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-03-25.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Dylan Bacon, June 2 2018 (committer.Signed-off-by:. (quickstep) Julian Hyde. Comments: I am becoming worried about the project. Development . continues at a reasonable pace, and serves the needs of existing . contributors who are producing research papers. The "following. objectives" listed above were not discussed on-list, AFAICT. However Quickstep is unable to attract outside contributors, nor . apparently achieve adoption by end users. . It is nearly 18 months since the last release. I will encourage. them to make a new release. That will generate some activity, but it. may not be enough. (quickstep) Roman Shaposhnik. Comments: Big +1 to what Julian is saying. Also, see the following . thread on general: https://s.apache.org/Y6tt.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.