Quickstep is a high-performance database engine.Quickstep has been incubating since 2016-03-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create and ASF release (current target is December 20, 2016. 2. Continue to build the developer community. 3. Acquire early adopters.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.N/A.How has the community developed since the last report?.1. We have two new community members (Tarun Bansal and Tianrun Li 2. Working.with a large company to fund three students for a year and allow them to.contribute to Quickstep. Funding has been approved and in the process of.finalizing the ICLA approvals.How has the project developed since the last report?.1. Closed over 10 pull requests. 2. Started running end-to-end.benchmarks/workloads to build towards a viable product. 3. Cleaned up the.repository to have licensing and copyrights in line with ASF projects.Date of last release:. No release yet.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. N/A.Signed-off-by:. (quickstep) Konstantin Boudnik. (quickstep) Julian Hyde. (quickstep) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Julian Hyde (jhyde):. I am concerned that the project is evolving but is not doing it. in the Apache way. For example, the "new community members" were. welcomed on the mailing list but there was not a vote or. discussion about making them committers. Also, there is still no. release and the project does not seem to be making it a priority,. and substantive discussions are not happening on the list (other. than discussions about pull requests Of course, it is great. to see commit activity and a growing community. rvs: I'm very much in agreement with Julian that the project seems to be. somewhat in trouble with adopting itself to the "Apache Way". Honestly,. it feels like an academic project hosted by ASF at this point. I believe. at this point mentors need to show some "tough love" and push for having. a real plan of how community thinks about addressing all the issues we've. observed so far. Julian and I are working on making it a priority for the. PPMC.