Doris is a MPP-based interactive SQL data warehousing for reporting and analysis.Doris has been incubating since 2018-07-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Continue to build our community. It is glad to see that more developers joined us and became contributors. But we still need more leading developers to join the community who can participate in the discussion of Doris' road map, not just start-up members.Improve the documents and website as well. Currently, most of documents are in Chinese and most of English docs are translated by machine. We are working on it.The discussion on dev mail list is still very few. Most of discussion and decisions are still make in private or in GitHub issues. We should improve the utilization of mailing lists and discuss more public.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.Now we have 58 contributors, 1 more committers, and 1 committer became PPMC member.3 more other companies are cooperating with us on developing Doris and try to make Doris as part of their data infrastructure.How has the project developed since the last report?.We released one new version: 0.11.0.And the website (http://doris.incubator.apache.org) is built with more docs, both in Chinese and English version.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2019-10-29: Apache Doris (incubating) 0.11.0.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Ling Miao: New Committer 2019-08-28 Kaisen Kang: New PPMC 2019-09-20.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Dave Fisher helped us a lot, such as Release process, and mail management. Willem helped us to build english website, nominate new committer and PPMC. All mentors helped us to verify our release.Signed-off-by:. (doris) Dave Fisher.Comments: Having discussions on dev@ is a critical improvement. Focus on that for the next three months. (doris) Willem Ning Jiang.Comments: We still need to improve the public discussion.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: It would seem you could solve the first issue listed in the three issues before graduation, by working on the other 2 issues listed?.