Doris is a MPP-based interactive SQL data warehousing for reporting and analysis.Doris has been incubating since 2018-07-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Continue to build our community. It is glad to see that more developers joined us and became contributors. But we still need more leading developers to join the community who can participate in the discussion of Doris' road map, not just start-up members.Improve the documents and website as well. Currently, most of documents are in Chinese and most of English docs are translated by machine. We are working on it.The discussion on dev mail list is still very few. Most of discussion and decisions are still make in private or in GitHub issues. We should improve the utilization of mailing lists and discuss more public.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.Since the last report, we have added 21 contributors and 1 committer. There are currently 79 contributors and 15 committers.More and more companies are considering choosing Doris as their solution, and more people are contributing to Doris. In the past three months, the number of contributors has increased from 58 to the current 79.How has the project developed since the last report?.The community is working hard to improve the usability and functionality of the product so that more people can use Doris more easily to solve their problems. During this time, a total of 336 commits were merged and 333 issues were created.Our new storage engine refactoring is almost coming to an end. After this work, some exciting features can be added, such as secondary index, etc.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2019-10-29: Apache Doris (incubating) 0.11.0.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Hangyuan Liu: New Committer 2020-01-17.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.All mentors are helpful.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.To the best of our knowledge, yes.Are 3rd parties respecting and correctly using the podlings name and brand?.As far as we know, yes.If not what actions has the PPMC taken to correct this?.Nothing to do.Has the VP, Brand approved the project name?.Name is approved.Signed-off-by:. (doris) Dave Fisher.Comments: Need to engage with podling to work on dev@ more along with convert more contributors into committership. (doris) Willem Ning Jiang.Comments: Put some efforts on the documentation and website can lower the bar for the new contributors to join.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.