Doris is a MPP-based interactive SQL data warehousing for reporting and analysis.Doris has been incubating since 2018-07-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Continue to build our community. The number of committers has grown steadily, and the current progress is more in line with expectations. We are inviting all commuters to join our PPMC.We are upgrading the framework of our website. The new website is not just a site for documents, it's more like an official website of a project.We are going to make a first no-WIP Apache releases.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.Since the last report, we have added 5 contributors and 2 committers. There are currently 84 contributors and 17 committers. We are upgrading the framework of our website. The new website is not just a site for documents, it's more like an official website of a project.How has the project developed since the last report?.Since last report, a total of 227 commits were merged and 524 issues were created. Lots of new features and enhancement have been made since last report. And you can find them in the release note of version 0.12.0.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.2020-04-24: Apache Doris (incubating) 0.12.0-rc03.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Dayue Gao: New Committer 2020-02-03 Kangping Huang: New Committer 2020-02-24 Ling Miao: New PPMC 2020-04-25.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.All mentors are helpful.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Yes. 3rd parties are using the podlings name and brand correctly. And the project name is approved.Signed-off-by:. (doris) Dave Fisher.Comments:. (doris) Willem Ning Jiang.Comments:.It's good to see Doris has some new committers and PMC member.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.