Doris is a MPP-based interactive SQL data warehousing for reporting and.analysis.Doris has been incubating since 2018-07-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Resolve IP and Build Issues. 2. Make a Successful First Apache Release. 3. Grow the community encouraging patches and recognizing sustained . contributions by adding as Committers and PPMC members.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. A new mentor will add to Doris community.How has the project developed since the last report?. Excluding merges, 9 authors have pushed 21 commits to master and 26 . commits to all branches. . On master, 240 files have changed and there have been 8,984 additions and . 2,191 deletions.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. Still working towards an Apache Release. . Made 0.9.0 legacy releases just after entering the Incubator on . 2018-07-18 and it failed to approve due to license and build issues. We have fixed all license issues and improved building scripts, also . provide a docker environment for building. We Will now focus on making a successful Apache Release.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. N/A.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Yes, our mentors have been helpful and responsive.Signed-off-by:. (doris) Dave Fisher. Comments: The podling is making progress towards an Apache Release. .There is a candidate and VOTE thread on general@. (doris) Luke Han. Comments:. (doris) Willem Ning Jiang. Comments:. (doris) Shaofeng Shi. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Justin Mclean: Please addd something about the unapproved releases. Thanks for quickly fixing this, but going through my notes I can see. this is the second time this has happened. What can be done to stop. a third?.