Stratos will be a polyglot PaaS framework, providing developers a.cloud-based environment for developing, testing, and running scalable.applications, and IT providers high utilization rates, automated resource.management, and platform- wide insight including monitoring and billing.Stratos has been incubating since 2013-06-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Moving all Stratos related trademarks from WSO2 to Apache. Certain. WSO2 technologies such as StratosLive still bear the Stratos name. These have to be resolved in the near future. We are in the process of. sorting these out. 2. Get the first Apache Stratos (incubating) release out, and in the. process ensure all ASF release requirements are met. 3. Build the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. - none -.How has the community developed since the last report?. Three new committers & PMC members have been added to the project. (In. Stratos, committers are also invited to join the PMC Six Google. Hangouts were held in order to educate the community about the project &. the technical details/architecture in the project. A Cloud BarCamp is. being organized for end of October to enable the Stratos community. members as well as other Apache cloud project community members to meet. up & exchange ideas & build synergy. Community members have also written. several blog posts. The project has also seen a number of new. contributors who have started actively participating in the project.How has the project developed since the last report?. Code has been refactored to get rid of non ASL 2.0 compatible third party. library dependencies. Package names have been changed. License files. added. Several bugs have been fixed. Builds have been made available for. review & testing. In anticipation of the first release, the project has. made available several RC packs to get community feedback. Documentation. has been added to the wiki. The project site has been properly setup. The. roadmap discussions are currently taking place on the dev list.Date of last release:. - none -.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2013-09-23.Signed-off-by:. (stratos) Afkham Azeez. (stratos) Anthony Elder. (stratos) Chip Childers. (stratos) Marlon Pierce. (stratos) Mohammad Nour. (stratos) Noah Slater.Shepherd notes:. Roman Shaposhnik (rvs):. Stratos appears in a solid shape and working on its first incubator. release. That said, their report is late which makes it difficult for. the shepherding work to feel complete. I will try to ping some of the. mentors. Marvin Humphrey (marvin):. . Report not filed in time for shepherd review.