Stratos will be a polyglot PaaS framework, providing developers a.cloud-based environment for developing, testing, and running scalable.applications, and IT providers high utilization rates, automated resource.management, and platform-wide insight including monitoring and billing.Stratos has been incubating since 2013-06-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Resolve name search issue. https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/PODLINGNAMESEARCH-45. 2. Community diversity. 3. Start Graduation vote.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. The Stratos PPMC would be glad if the name search issue could be resolved. soon. https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/PODLINGNAMESEARCH-45.How has the community developed since the last report?. Six new committers & PMC members have been added to the project. (In. Stratos, committers are also invited to join the PMC Community members. have written several blog posts. Lakmal Warusawithana was unanimously. elected as the potential Stratos PMC chair.How has the project developed since the last report?. Stratos has developed a very active community. Community diversity was a. concern during the last report as well, and it is being addressed by bringing . in a number of non-WSO2 committers & PPMC members. There is lot of interest. expressed from & participation from many people. A single Stratos. distribution with multiple profiles has been created. The team is also. working on creating a simple VM which will allow people to easily try. Stratos out. This will bring down the barrier to entry most potential. contributors are facing right now, since setting up Stratos is a bit. tedious right now. The project is actively working towards further diversification . by attracting more non-WSO2 contributors. The domain stratoslive.com has been . donated by WSO2 to the Stratos PMC. The project seems ready for graduation. . A draft resolution towards graduation has been prepared & is being reviewed. . The community is thinking about starting a graduation vote in the near future.Date of last release: . 2014-02-27 - Stratos (incubating) 4.0.0-Alpha (Developer preview only.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2013-03-31.Signed-off-by: . (stratos) Afkham Azeez. (stratos) Anthony Elder. (stratos) Chip Childers. (stratos) Marlon Pierce. (stratos) Mohammad Nour. (stratos) Noah Slater. (stratos) Suresh Marru.