 Apache Edgent is a programming model and micro-kernel style runtime that. can be embedded in gateways and small footprint edge devices enabling. local, real-time, analytics on the continuous streams of data coming from. equipment, vehicles, systems, appliances, devices and sensors of all kinds. (for example, Raspberry Pis or smart phones Working in conjunction with. centralized analytic systems, Apache Edgent provides efficient and timely. analytics across the whole IoT ecosystem: from the center to the edge. Edgent has been incubating since 2016-02-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create and expand a diverse community of contributors and committers. around Edgent project. 2. Set up new build system, allowing us to remove code dependencies from. our repository. 3. Create the first Apache release of Edgent.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Significant progress has been made on a new build system, using Gradle. One of the goals is to remove third party code, so we can work toward a. release. The community has been active and participating in voting. Heavy commit. activity, but light Jira activity, recently as the name change was. implemented in the code, documentation and web site.How has the project developed since the last report?. According to JIRA, the project has added the following:. June: 29 new issues; 22 issues resolved. July: 20 new issues; 15 issues resolved. August: 7 new issues; 7 issues resolved. August activity was largely build and renaming activities, tracked under a. few Jira issues. The name for the project was changed from Apache Quarks to Apache Edgent. The new name went through a suitable name search and was approved. The. infrastructure, code and documentation changes have been completed. A logo was voted on and chosen, and a wiki was set up for the Edgent. community.Date of last release:. We have not created an Apache release as of yet. We need to complete build. changes and licensing work to create a release.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. In May, we added two new committers and PPMC members, Kathy Saunders and. Queenie Ma.Signed-off-by:. (edgent) Daniel Debrunner. (edgent) Luciano Resende. (edgent) Katherine Marsden. (edgent) Justin Mclean.