Apache Edgent is a programming SDK and micro-kernel style runtime .that can be embedded in gateways and small footprint edge devices enabling.local, real-time, analytics on the continuous streams of data coming.from equipment, vehicles, systems, appliances, devices and sensors of .all kinds (for example, Raspberry Pis or smart phones Working in .conjunction with centralized analytic systems, Apache Edgent provides .efficient and timely analytics across the whole IoT ecosystem: from the .center to the edge.Edgent has been incubating since 2016-02-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create and expand a diverse community of contributors and committers. around the Edgent project. 2. Attracting at least another independent committer/ppmc member. 3. Finding further real world users of Edgent.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Total, we have 70 subscribers to our mailing list, an improvement.	of 5 since the last report.	.	 We have had a noticeable increase in the number of information-seeking.	emails on the mailing list from new Edgent developers.	 A San Francisco meetup has been scheduled for the 20th of September. to demonstrate an Edgent video analytics application which was.	initially presented at ApacheCon 2017 (Video Analytics at the Edge: .	Fun with Apache Edgent, OpenCV and a Raspberry Pi.	 In addition to Chris Dutz, we have had one non-committer PR merged.	.How has the project developed since the last report?. With the contributions of Christoper Dutz and Dale LaBossiere, the.	Edgent build system is undergoing an overhaul to Maven from Gradle.	Maven provides benefits over Gradle, including a more rigid build .	structure, and the Maven package system. According to JIRA, 13 new issues were added to the project and 6 . issues have been resolved or closed between May 2017 and August 2017.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Edgent is making slow but consistent progress towards graduation. While we.don't yet meet the diversity requirements, we put emphasis on community .growth through outreach which will ultimately pave the way for additional.committers and contributors.Additionally, before we graduate it is important that we find users .outside of IBM. As most Edgent committers are employed by IBM, external .stakeholders help ensure long term contribution to the project. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-05-17.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. In May 2016, we added two new committers and PPMC members, . Kathy Saunders and Queenie Ma.Signed-off-by:. (edgent) Daniel Debrunner. Comments:. (edgent) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (edgent) John Ament. Comments:. (edgent) Justin Mclean. Comments:.