Apache Edgent is a programming SDK and micro-kernel style runtime.that can be embedded in gateways and small footprint edge devices enabling.local, real-time, analytics on the continuous streams of data coming.from equipment, vehicles, systems, appliances, devices and sensors of.all kinds (for example, Raspberry Pis or smart phones Working in.conjunction with centralized analytic systems, Apache Edgent provides.efficient and timely analytics across the whole IoT ecosystem: from the.center to the edge.Edgent has been incubating since 2016-02-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create and expand a diverse community of contributors and committers. around the Edgent project. 2. Attracting at least another independent committer/ppmc member. 3. Finding further real world users of Edgent.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. While two contributors are still quite active working on. the conversion to maven and towards getting out the next release,. there has been very little other community or dev list activity.How has the community developed since the last report?. Will Marshall had a meetup in San Francisco on the 20th of September. to demonstrate an Edgent video analytics application which was. initially presented at ApacheCon 2017 (Video Analytics at the Edge:. Fun with Apache Edgent, OpenCV and a Raspberry Pi. Christofer Dutz gave a presentation at Solutions Hamburg that. included Apache Edgent. There was one new non-committer enhancement/PR merged. There was one JIRA from a new individual: asked & answered. Total, we have 73 subscribers to our mailing list, an improvement. of 3 since the last report.How has the project developed since the last report?. Two contributors/committers have been very active overhauling the. Edgent build system to Maven from Gradle on the features/maven. branch. We are very close to merging and working on a release. Maven provides benefits over Gradle, including a more rigid build. structure, the Maven package system, and ASF release process integration. The work includes a variety of other cleanup / usability items,. such as how we distribute Edgent samples and how users build them. According to JIRA, 6 new issues were added to the project and. 2 issues have been resolved or closed between August 2017 and October 2017. 11 issues are in progress as part of PR-309 (the maven work.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. Edgent is making slow but consistent progress towards graduation. While we. don't yet meet the diversity requirements, we put emphasis on community. growth through outreach which will ultimately pave the way for additional. committers and contributors. Additionally, before we graduate it is important that we find users. outside of IBM. As most Edgent committers are employed by IBM, external. stakeholders help ensure long term contribution to the project. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-05-17.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. In August 2017, we added Christofer Dutz as a new committer. and PPMC member.Signed-off-by:. (edgent) Daniel Debrunner. Comments:. (edgent) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (edgent) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (edgent) John D. Ament. Comments: The podling is still growing. I don't believe things have changed since I joined as mentor a few months ago. To be able to graduate, they need to have a truly viable community with actual features coming in.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Development and the number of developers working on the project have fallen off. Dave Fisher.