Apache Edgent is a programming SDK and micro-kernel style runtime.that can be embedded in gateways and small footprint edge devices enabling.local, real-time, analytics on the continuous streams of data coming.from equipment, vehicles, systems, appliances, devices and sensors of.all kinds (for example, Raspberry Pis or smart phones Working in.conjunction with centralized analytic systems, Apache Edgent provides.efficient and timely analytics across the whole IoT ecosystem: from the.center to the edge.Edgent has been incubating since 2016-02-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create and expand a diverse community of contributors and committers. around the Edgent project. 2. Attracting at least another independent committer/ppmc member. 3. Finding further real world users of Edgent.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Community growth and participation continues to be an issue. One of the . two active committer/PPMC members is retiring at the end of February. and the level of their continuing participation is unclear. But synergy with Apache PLC4X is encouraging.How has the community developed since the last report?. Apache PLC4X is very interested in and promoting Apache Edgent as. part of their overall story. An initial Edgent connector was created. and contributed to PLC4X. Christofer Dutz demonstrated Edgent. working together with PLC4X at the IoT Hessen Meetup at end of. December and at Nortec Hamburg (Industrial fair. subscribers to our mailing list are steady.How has the project developed since the last report?. Apache Edgent 1.2.0 was released. The release is the culmination. of the conversion to Maven and includes a number of enhancements and. bug fixes. Binaries are now available from Nexus and Maven Central. to make it easier to use Edgent. Edgent Samples are now available via the new GitHub repository. apache/incubator-edgent-samples. JIRA and commits show continued activity on the project. .How would you assess the podling's maturity?. Edgent is making slow but consistent progress towards graduation. While we. don't yet meet the diversity requirements, we put emphasis on community. growth through outreach which will ultimately pave the way for additional. committers and contributors. Additionally, before we graduate it is important that we find users. outside of IBM. As most Edgent committers are employed by IBM, external. stakeholders help ensure long term contribution to the project. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-12-14 Apache Edgent 1.2.0.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. In August 2017, we added Christofer Dutz as a new committer. and PPMC member.Signed-off-by:. (edgent) Daniel Debrunner. Comments:. (edgent) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (edgent) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (edgent) John D. Ament. Comments:.