Edgent is a stream processing programming model and lightweight runtime to.execute analytics at devices on the edge or at the gateway.Edgent has been incubating since 2016-02-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create and expand a diverse community of contributors and committers around the Edgent project. 2. Create the first Apache release of Edgent. 3. Document a repeatable release process.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. A well attended meetup in Plano, TX about Apache Edgent was held on September 9th. "Sensor Data Analytics Acceleration with Apache Edgent". http://www.meetup.com/DFW-Sensor-Technology/events/233150402/. A presentation about Apache Edgent was presented on October 21st @ Open Source India 2016. Approximately 400 attendees were present. A presentation about Apache Edgent, Streaming Analytics and Weather Company Data was presented at World of Watson in Las Vegas on October 26th. A demo about Apache Edgent was presented at World of Watson in Las Vegas on October 24th. "IoT Device Events to Streaming Analytics in 15 Minutes with Bluemix". For the months of September and October four new community members either subscribed to the edgent-dev mailing list, or opened JIRAs.How has the project developed since the last report?. A new build system was created using Gradle. The initial contribution for this work came from two community contributors. The follow up work was done by committers. According to JIRA, the project has added the following:. September: 11 new issues; 15 issues resolved. . October: 46 new issues; 23 issues resolved. . October activity was almost exclusively due to readying for the first Edgent release.Date of last release:. We have not created an Apache release, but are working on one to be ready soon. During the September and October time period we made build changes and handled licensing work and are poised to create our first release.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. In May, we added two new committers and PPMC members, Kathy Saunders and Queenie Ma.Signed-off-by:. (edgent) Daniel Debrunner. (edgent) Luciano Resende. (edgent) Katherine Marsden. (edgent) Justin Mclean.