Apache Edgent is a programming SDK and micro-kernel style runtime.that can be embedded in gateways and small footprint edge devices enabling.local, real-time, analytics on the continuous streams of data coming.from equipment, vehicles, systems, appliances, devices and sensors of.all kinds (for example, Raspberry Pis or smart phones Working in.conjunction with centralized analytic systems, Apache Edgent provides.efficient and timely analytics across the whole IoT ecosystem: from the.center to the edge.Edgent has been incubating since 2016-02-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create and expand a diverse community of contributors and committers. around the Edgent project. 2. Attracting at least another independent committer/ppmc member. 3. Finding further real world users of Edgent.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Community participation, implying interest in Edgent, continues. to be an issue. One of the two active committer/PPMC members has. retired at the end of February and the level of their continuing. participation is has been significantly reduced since then. When a. security problem had been brought up on the private list, not a single. response from a second PPMC had been received.How has the community developed since the last report?. An article on Apache PLC4X has been published in the German iX magazine. This article co-featured Apache Edgent. (https://www.heise.de/select/ix/2018/8/1533352444905693 The previous JavaSPEKTRUM article was published on the codecentric blog. and is now free to read for all. .(https://blog.codecentric.de/2018/06/edge-computing-industrial-iot-apache-ed.gent-apache-plc4x/ Total, we have 77 subscribers to our mailing list, an increase. of 1 since the last report. It was almost silent on the mailing lists until two new names popped up. asking question about a week ago.How has the project developed since the last report?. Even if no vulnerabilities were found in Edgent, we updated some of our. Dependencies no longer depend on third party artifacts that might .contain. problems. According to JIRA, 1 new issue was added and none were resolved. in the last 90 days. 2 commits were made in the last 90 days.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. After withdrawal of most of the active committers and PPCM members .currently. a new committer and PPMC base has to be built. We are still very hopeful .that. we will be able to accomplish this task. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-12-14 Apache Edgent 1.2.0.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. In August 2017, we added Christofer Dutz as a new committer. and PPMC member.Signed-off-by:. (edgent) Daniel Debrunner. Comments:. (edgent) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (edgent) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (edgent) John D. Ament. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.