 Apache Edgent is a programming SDK and micro-kernel style runtime. that can be embedded in gateways and small footprint edge devices enabling. local, real-time, analytics on the continuous streams of data coming. from equipment, vehicles, systems, appliances, devices and sensors of. all kinds (for example, Raspberry Pis or smart phones Working in. conjunction with centralized analytic systems, Apache Edgent provides. efficient and timely analytics across the whole IoT ecosystem: from the. center to the edge.Edgent has been incubating since 2016-02-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Re-creating a working community. 2. Re-populating the PPMC. 3. Replenishing the group of mentors.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. For the past months, there has been absolutely no activity in the project. Even if there has been an occasional Email from an external entity in the. last 3 months, the activity in the project has been solely me (Christofer writing emails without getting any form of response from the rest of the. committers, PPMCs or mentors. The main problem here is, that when being voted into the project, I had. been working on the build, but before I was able to start digging in the . code the rest of the team disappeared without me having had the chance to. do a reasonably significant amount of know-how transfer. Currently, we. have a codebase for which we have a detailed understanding of the build,. but almost none of the code itself.How has the community developed since the last report?. Total, we have 82 subscribers to our mailing list, an increase of 5 . since the last report. There have been two questions asked by users and two little . discussions about these issues on the list. Discussions started on the private list have been left unresponded. On 19th September 2018 Christofer had a talk about Apache Edgent on . the Solutions.Hamburg TechCamp.How has the project developed since the last report?. According to JIRA, 0 new issue were added and none were resolved in . the last 90 days. 0 commits were made in the last 90 days.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. After the withdrawal of most of the active committers and PPCM members . currently a new committer, PPMC and mentor-base has to be built. Being. working hard on the PLC4X podling, I am currently evaluating if I am. going to be willing and able to achieve this goal. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-12-14 Apache Edgent 1.2.0.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. In August 2017, we added Christofer Dutz as a new committer. and PPMC member.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. I just double checked, but it seems our mentors are not existent. there had been one or two issues where feedback was explicitly . asked for, but both the PPMC as well as all mentors remained silent. Except Justin mentioning the absence of mentors.Signed-off-by:. (edgent) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (edgent) Justin Mclean. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Dave Fisher: If the project is to be rebooted then the PPMC needs to . be grown. . I think you might find at least one candidate from dev@ activity. Also I noticed a JIRA - EDGENT-450 about creating an Edge . Connector for Apache Pulsar. . I've sent a note to dev@pulsar suggesting they join at dev@edgent . to help.