 Apache Edgent is a programming SDK and micro-kernel style runtime. that can be embedded in gateways and small footprint edge devices enabling. local, real-time, analytics on the continuous streams of data coming. from equipment, vehicles, systems, appliances, devices and sensors of. all kinds (for example, Raspberry Pis or smart phones Working in. conjunction with centralized analytic systems, Apache Edgent provides. efficient and timely analytics across the whole IoT ecosystem: from the. center to the edge.Edgent has been incubating since 2016-02-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Re-creating a working community. 2. Re-populating the PPMC. 3. Replenishing the group of mentors.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. For the past months, there has been very few activity in the project. There have been a hand full of Emails from external peoples in the. last 3 months but the activity in the project has been solely by me . (Julian) and Christofer Dutz writing emails without getting any form. of response from the rest of the committers, PPMCs or mentors. The main problem we have is that the only active people in the project . came in Late and are not that firm with the codebase. Currently, we. have a codebase for which we have a detailed understanding of the build,. but almost none of the code itself. Furthermore, there has been a lot of . activity in other projects and generally edge processing has developed. further in the recent years. Thus, there is some discussion going on about the core or the aim of the . project to keep its significance and uniqueness.How has the community developed since the last report?. Total, we have 82 subscribers to our mailing list, an increase of 5. since the last report. There has been one questions asked by users and little. discussions about these issues on the list. Julian Feinauer has joined the PPMC on 2018-11-29. On April, 4th, Julian Feinauer will Talk about Edgent on the building . iot 2019.How has the project developed since the last report?. According to JIRA, 0 new issue were added and none were resolved in. the last 90 days. The repositories were migrated to gitbox. 2 commits were made in the last 90 days.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. After the withdrawal of most of the active committers and PPCM members. currently a new committer, PPMC and mentor-base has to be built. Currently we try to re-gain the focus of edgent to. Start to rebuild the community and resume development. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-12-14 Apache Edgent 1.2.0.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. In August 2017, we added Christofer Dutz as a new committer. and PPMC member. In November 2018, we added Julian Feinauer as a new committer. and PPMC member.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. I just double checked, but it seems our mentors are not existent. there had been one or two issues where feedback was explicitly. asked for, but both the PPMC as well as all mentors remained silent. Except Justin mentioning the absence of mentors. Christofer Dutz. joined as new Mentor and is active in the project.Signed-off-by:. (edgent) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (edgent) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (edgent) Christofer Dutz. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.