Edgent is a stream processing programming model and lightweight runtime to.execute analytics at devices on the edge or at the gateway.Edgent has been incubating since 2016-02-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create and expand a diverse community of contributors and committers. around the Edgent project. 2. Checking of all items in the project's Maturity Model. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/EDGENT/Apache+Maturity+Model+For+Edgent. 3. Create a second release of Apache Edgent with additional features and. fixes.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. A well attended meetup in San Francisco, CA about Apache Edgent was held. on January 18th. It covered introductory concepts of datastreaming, the. positioning of Edgent in the datastreaming universe, and examples and. use cases of Edgent. The meetup was attended by roughly 40 developers. "Apache Edgent: Datastreaming and Analytics for IoT Devices ". https://www.meetup.com/SF-Data-Science/events/236682354/. There has been at least one question both asked and answered on. Stackoverflow by a non-committer non-PPMC member of the community. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/41280097/joining-streams-of-different-types-in-apache-edgent. Since the last report, at least 5 individuals have subscribed to the. Apache Edgent dev mailing list.How has the project developed since the last report?. The first release of Edgent as part of the Apache incubator was created. on 2016-12-15. This represents a large amount of work, including. numerous improvements to connectors, the console, and a complete. overhaul of the build system to use Gradle. According to JIRA, the project has added the following:. November 2016: 6 new issues; 18 issues resolved. . December: 18 new issues; 29 issues resolved. January: 15 new issues; 12 issues resolved.Date of last release:. The most recent release of Apache Edgent was 2016-12-15.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. In May 2016, we added two new committers and PPMC members, Kathy. Saunders and Queenie Ma.Signed-off-by:. (edgent) Daniel Debrunner. (edgent) Luciano Resende. (edgent) Katherine Marsden. (edgent) Justin Mclean.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Katherine Marsden:. . Checking of the Maturity model is not yet complete and is just being. used as an aid to help assess our progress. Hopefully now that we have. a release and with the meetup we will have more people get interested. and involved. The active development community, while still small seems. to be communicating well on the list and it was great to see the. release. Justin Mclean:. . Great work on the release, project progressing along well.