Apache Edgent is a programming model and micro-kernel style runtime .that can be embedded in gateways and small footprint edge devices enabling.local, real-time, analytics on the continuous streams of data coming.from equipment, vehicles, systems, appliances, devices and sensors of .all kinds (for example, Raspberry Pis or smart phones Working in .conjunction with centralized analytic systems, Apache Edgent provides .efficient and timely analytics across the whole IoT ecosystem: from the .center to the edge.Edgent has been incubating since 2016-02-29.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Create and expand a diverse community of contributors and committers. around the Edgent project. 2. Checking of all items in the project's Maturity Model . (https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/EDGENT/Apache+Maturity+Model+For+Edgent 3. Although not required to graduate, it might be good to attract at . least another independent committer/ppmc member.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Three speakers will present their experience with Edgent at the . ApacheCon North America in May 2017:. Video Analytics at the Edge: Fun with Apache Edgent, OpenCV and a . Raspberry Pi - Dale LaBossiere and William Marshall, ppmc members and . committers for Edgent. Having fun with Raspberry(s) and Apache Projects - Jean-Frederic Clere. Since the last report, 2 individuals have subscribed to the Apache . Edgent dev mailing list. There were 65 subscribers as of the end of . April 2017.How has the project developed since the last report?. Release 1.1.0 of Edgent as part of the Apache incubator was created on . 17 March 2017. This represented 26 bug fixes and improvements, . including more usage examples, application autoSubmit capability to . IotProvider, support for publishing WIoTP device events using HTTP, . and many others. According to JIRA, 33 new issues were added to the project and 81 . issues have been resolved or closed between February 2017 and April 2017.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-03-17.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. In May 2016, we added two new committers and PPMC members, . Kathy Saunders and Queenie Ma.Signed-off-by:. (edgent) Daniel Debrunner. Comments:. (edgent) Luciano Resende. Comments:. [ X ](edgent) Katherine Marsden. Comments: Great product. Great Apache way attitude. Everything in place,. but just need to focus community growth and diversity. I am hoping the. Apachecon presentations will help bring this great product and project on. the radar. (edgent) Justin Mclean. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.