Apache Mnemonic is an advanced hybrid memory storage oriented library,.we've proposed a non-volatile/durable Java object model and durable.computing service that bring many advantages to significantly improve.the performance of massive real-time data.processing/analytics. developers are able to use this library to design.their cache-less, SerDe-less and native-direct computing high.performance applications.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Apache releases: we have release version 0.4.0-incubating. 2. Integrated with Hadoop as Mapreduce Input/Output formatters. 3. Introduced Mnemonic to potential developers and users.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. Our last report was in Dec. Since then. Two more developers are going to contribute code. We need to encourage more discussion on the dev list in the coming months.How has the project developed since the last report?. Upgraded MemChunkHolder/MemBufferHolder to DurableChunk/DurableHolder. Provided mnemonic-hadoop-mapreduce module with testcases. and other bugfixes, features, improvements.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. [] Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-01-24.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None.Signed-off-by:. (mnemonic) Patrick Hunt. Comments:. . One year milestone as podling this month. Community growth has been. slow and activity dominated by one to two committers. Not clear how. active the mentors are in helping the podling - only two mentors. signed off on the report last quarter. (mnemonic) Andrew Purtell. Comments:. Mentors have not been active, including myself. We may want to . solicit new or additional mentors for this podling. . (mnemonic) James Taylor. Comments:. (mnemonic) Henry Saputra. Comments:.