Apache Mnemonic is a transparent NVM hybrid memory oriented library that has.created Durable Object Model (DOM), Durable Computing Model (DCM) and Durable Query Model (DQMthat bring many advantages to significantly improve the performance of.massive real-time data processing/analytics. developers are able to use this.library to design their cache-less, SerDe-less and direct-native.high-performance applications or frameworks.Mnemonic has been incubating since 2016-03-03.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Have elected new PPMC, Release Manager and committers. 2. Have proposed Durable Query Model (DQM) based on DOM and DCM. 3. Have prepared Apache maturity assessment checklist for review.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.Not yet.How has the community developed since the last report?.Our last report was in Jun. Since then. fulfilled the gaps from graduation. elected new release manager. elected new committers. introduce owner of CQEngine to our community. some contributors have started to vote for graduation.How has the project developed since the last report?. improved Apache mnemonic official website. implemented durable query in memory service level. implemented pure Java volatile memory service. improved the documentation of project specific release process. released mnemonic-0.8.0-incubating . started to vote mnemonic-0.9.0-incubating.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-06-23.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Johnu George (PPMC on Aug. 04 2017PeiLi Shen (Committer on Aug. 13 2017.Signed-off-by:. (mnemonic) Patrick Hunt. Comments: afaict ready to graduate (there is an active DISCUSS thread going on now (mnemonic) Andrew Purtell. Comments:. (mnemonic) James Taylor. Comments:. (mnemonic) Henry Saputra. Comments:.