CloudStack is an IaaS (“Infrastracture as a Service”) cloud orchestration.platform. CloudStack has been in incubation since 2012-04-16.Overview:. Cloudstack just entered the incubator a couple of weeks ago. Since then,. the mailing list has been setup and discussions have started to migrate. from the existing list to the ASF-hosted list, with several 'new names'. participating including one of those 'new names' submitting a patch. Currently, the code repository and bulk of existing infrastructure is still. hosted by Citrix, but the community is looking forward to getting that. moved to Apache as soon as possible.A list of the most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. The base level of infrastructure migration has begun but still has far. to be finished. At present the mailing lists exist, but wiki, project. website, source repository, bug tracker, etc still need to be brought. up and migrated. In many ways we are blocked on further progress by. lack of account creation for initial committers. 2. Diversity of the contributor base still needs to be expanded - this was. identified as an issue in the proposal, and remains one, though we are. encouraged by a seeming uptick (we've been in incubation for less than. a week, so trends are indeed difficult to identify at this point) in. interest on the mailing lists from previously uninvolved individuals. 3. The project needs a working process definition. What is the review. process for contributions, recommendations for engaging before writing. large amounts of code, etc. 4. The project is using source and binaries with a number of. non-ASF-approved licenses. This needs remediation.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. No issues that we are aware of at this point.How has the community developed since the last report?. There has been no previous report - so nothing to report here.How has the project developed since the last report?. There has been no previous report - so nothing to report here.Signed off by mentor: brett, dkulp, jim.