CloudStack is an IaaS (“Infrastracture as a Service”) cloud orchestration.platform. CloudStack has been in incubation since 2012-04-16.CloudStack has been in the incubator for approximately 1.5 months. Mailing.lists have migrated, accounts for the initial committers have been set up,.and the initial code drop/git repo has been setup. Many new names are now.participating in conversations on the mailing lists, with several of them.volunteering to help move things along. The number of submitted patches from.'new names' in the month of May is in the double digits, and range from.trivial one line fixes to two major patches with over 1,000 changed lines.each. The community is beginning to exercise some of its decision making.power by deciding about release tempo, future version schemes and numbers,.and a number of other internal plumbing issues. Much remains to be done in.preparation for the initial release, and those tasks are being identified.We also have a number of external resources (bug tracker, wiki, CI) that.are still awaiting migration. .Top 3 Issues to address in move towards graduation. - The project is using source and binaries with a number of. non-ASF-approved licenses. This needs remediation. - Diversity of the contributor base still needs to be expanded. - While we are making progress, there still remains a number of large. pieces (bug tracker, wiki, test infra) that still need to be migrated. to ASF infrastructure.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware of?. No issues that we are aware of at this point.How has the community developed since the last report?. See the above narration, but generally speaking the community is beginning. to exercise its decision making powers, largely around internal plumbing. issues at the moment. We are also seeing a number of new developers. submitting patches. .How has the project developed since the last report?. The project continues to have many issues to tackle for its first release. and is identifying and moving forward on those issues. Work continues on. solutions to remove the need to massive (or any) amount of additional. hardware to test/develop with in an effort to lower the barrier to. participate. .Signed off by mentor:.