Celix is an OSGi like implementation in C with a distinct focus on.interoperability between Java and C.Celix has been incubating since 2010-11-02.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community. 2. Find more committers. 3. .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Activity on the mailing list is still a bit slow, but there is still. progress. But more importantly, the Native-OSGi effort has taken a few big. steps. The most important one is the publication of an RFP at the OSGi. Alliance[1]. The purpose of this RFP is to standardise OSGi for native (C. and C++) languages. After the RFP is finalised work will be started on a. RFC, this will be done in conjunction with writing a reference. implementation. For this purpose Apache Celix will be used. This also means. that C++ will be introduced in the Celix project. Most likely large parts of. C++ code will be donated by 2 participants of the Native-OSGi project. This. gives us a great opportunity to add extra committers and increase the. diversity of Celix.How has the project developed since the last report?. . As mentioned above, to be able to write a reference implementation for. Native-OSGi the scope of Celix will be extended to also include C++. Details. of this extension still need to be worked out. But for continuity the. current (C) code base will (for now) remain the same. So any work related to. Native-OSGi will (for now) be done independently from the current. implementation. Also work is underway to make a second release. Whereas the first release. focused primarily on the releasing itself, this second release will focus on. the actual implementation. Important points are:. API consistency. Win32 support. APR usage. More details can be found in [2]. A (Mini) Hackathon for Apache Celix was organised at June the 30th. There. where 4 people present on the hackathon (2 committers) and focus for the. hackathon was the remote services implementation. The hackathon was received. well and we like to do this more often to encourage community growth of. Apache Celix. Apache Celix is now also involved the Google Summer of Code for 2013. Erik. Jansman is doing a project on the Event Admin for Apache Celix and Pepijn. Noltes is mentoring him. The idea is to discuss the result on the mailing. list. This is a new experience for Apache Celix and we hope that helps the. community and also provide technical progress.Date of last release: . 16-12-2012.[1]: https://www.osgi.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=165.[2]: http://incubator.markmail.org/thread/fza43iypjutcw2rm.Signed-off-by:. (celix) Marcel Offermans. (celix) Karl Pauls.Shepherd notes:.