Mesos is a cluster manager that provides resource sharing and.isolation across cluster applications.Mesos has been incubating since 2010-12-23.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Improved documentation and support using ASF Mesos Wiki. 2. Roll an 0.11.0 release. 3. More interaction on the dev lists besides those from Review Board/JIRA.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.The project currently only has 1 active mentor, Chris Mattmann. Chris .has been able to get Paul Ramirez and Andrew Hart, both IPMC members,.to help mentor as well when needed (e.g., with release VOTE'ing), but.it's still been pretty scarce. Chris brought this up to the IPMC in.threads before, but it went without a reply.How has the community developed since the last report?.Ben Mahler was added as a PPMC member and committer on the project.We've seen an increase in activity on the mailing list. Airbnb has.been increasingly using Mesos, not only for Chronos, but also for.Hadoop (using our newly written Hadoop framework There has also been.a production engineering meetup where Mesos was presented:.http://www.meetup.com/SF-Bay-Area-Large-Scale-Production-Engineering/event.s/97563092/.How has the project developed since the last report?.The project has moved its source repo to ASF Git per .https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/INFRA-6065.We need to get our website properly ASF branded. .We also need to move towards more discussions on the dev list.that aren't shepherded by automated tools (Review Board, and JIRA.This would make it easier to follow conversations, and to encourage.new contributors to be able to discuss the code, and its stewardship.On top of the usual bug fixes and reliability improvements, we've.implemented resource monitoring to gain visibility into the resource.consumption of executors running in Mesos. We are also much closer to.shipping a feature that allows the slave to upgrade gracefully.(without killing all tasks underneath it.Signed-off-by: .Chris Mattmann: (mesosBrian McCallister (mesosTom White (mesos.