Superset is an enterprise-ready web application for data exploration, data.visualization and dashboarding.Superset has been incubating since 2017-05-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Plan and execute our first Apache release. 2. Align on a long-term product roadmap with the broader Apache Superset . community. 3. Grow the community and enroll new committers.Any issues that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board might wish/need to be aware .of?. At this point in time, we’re having issues on how to come up with the . LICENSE file needed for our first Apache release given the number of . dependencies we have on the Javascript side. Since we package the JS . bundle along with our Python application, it seems like we'll have to. come up with either a programmatic way to extract the LICENSE info, or ship . the application without the JS deps, and provide instruction has to how to . fetch and build the package deps, which isn't very convenient. We also have . some minor deps on GPL lib, one of which we need to get clarity as to how . to to handle them. It's related to the "chardet" sub dependency of the Pypi . requests library. . Currently, we believe there are 2 approaches to dealing with the LICENSE . and NOTICE files for Superset. Either:. A) Dynamically building these files by querying npm/pypi (the javascript . and python package repositories) for all the metadata and assembling these . files. See the list of JS packages organized by licenses here:. Https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/5801. B) The other approach is to distributed a stripped down version of Superset . that has a script that fetches external deps and builds it. The committers are activating around these issues and thinking creatively . about resolving them. A thread on dev@superset.incubator.apache.org was . started and a discussion is taking place.How has the community developed since the last report?. Organic growth of our Github contributors (246->274), forks (3318->3627), . watchers. (1020->1077) and stars (19,399->20,519 Group of active committers meeting bi-weekly from Airbnb, Lyft and . Twitter. Added Michelle Thomas as a new committer.How has the project developed since the last report?. A completely redesigned dashboarding experience launched. Big Number charts have a new look and visualization. In the Table Config & SQL Lab -> Explore View, clicking a data source now . opens a modal with table editing for settings, columns, calculated columns, . & metrics. Addition of integration and functional tests. A healthy, constant flow of bug fixes, quality improvements and new. features, take a look at the project’s Pulse on Github for more details.How does the podling rate their own maturity. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. No official release yet since being voted into Apache. Incubation. (Planning for the first Apache release in Q4, 2018.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Michelle Thomas - Committer (2018-09-01.Signed-off-by:. (superset) Ashutosh Chauhan. Comments:. (superset) Luke Han. Comments:. (superset) Jim Jagielski. Comments: A number of issues have been brought up to the PPMC.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.