Superset is an enterprise-ready web application for data exploration, data.visualization and dashboarding.Superset has been incubating since 2017-05-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Project operations - There are 3 specific issues that have been . brought to our attention that we are committed to addressing:. Discussions happening offline from dev@superset.incubator.apache.org . (more below under issues that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board should be. aware of Unapproved releases (more below under issues that the Incubator PMC or . ASF Board should be aware of Trademark - Some research has been conducted here . .https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/PODLINGNAMESEARCH/issues/PODLINGNAME. SEARCH-124 , but more details have been requested. The expected format . output described is not very prescriptive. Just commented asking for a . example of a well executed name search. . 2. Plan and execute our first Apache release. Though we have been in . incubation for a year and a half, we are committed to planning and . following through on our first Apache release together with the community . by kicking off a discussion thread on dev@superset.incubator.apache.org . to align on the deliverables for the first Apache release. 3. Align on a long-term product roadmap with the broader Apache Superset . community. As a part of planning our first Apache release, we would also . like to build out the high-level roadmap for the project with a look . ahead of 1 year. We plan to create this by starting a discussion thread . on dev@superset.incubator.apache.org to work collaboratively on a vision . and roadmap for 2019.Any issues that the Incubator PMC or ASF Board might wish/need to be aware .of?. Discussions happening offline from email - The . dev@superset.incubator.apache.org email list has not been very active as . a channel of discussion. To be clear, this is both a result of 1) when. the list started, GitHub spammed the email list with notifications and . our hypothesis is that many people filtered this email alias 2) the Apache . email list does not support images making it challenging to support a . project that is UI-heavy as a tool for data visualization and 3) other . communication channels are being used to compliment the email list. On . #3, there is an open bi-weekly meeting for contributors and committers to . discuss issues (no decisions are made here - please see the update on . SIPs in the project development section) and while the link to the Google. Doc with the notes was posted to the dev@superset.incubator.apache.org. email list, we could have done a better job of posting the notes from the . meetings and we recognize that it is more challenging for some community . members who live in other timezones to participate. There are also two . reasonably active forums for live discussions (Slack Group . http://apache-superset.slack.com and Gitter Channel . https://gitter.im/airbnb/superset) however, we now know that casual . conversations should only happen on these channels and that the majority . of the discussion needs to happen via email. As a next step, we will. have an initial meeting with the Mentors, PPMC and Committers on .Thursday, . December 13th to figure out what it takes to address this issue and help. get the project on track. We will also use this meeting as an opportunity. to align across the PPMC and Committers about our obligations and. responsibilities as well as to receive coaching from our Mentors on the. Apache Way. Unapproved releases - Currently, committers working on the project have . not been following the proper procedures in discussing the content of . releases on the dev@superset.incubator.apache.org email list nor have we . been consistent in bringing releases to a vote. This negatively impacts . the ability of other community members to participate. We were uncertain . how to manage the LICENSE/COPYRIGHT files and how they relate to . convenience releases and we have struggled to understand how to proceed . with the name search requirement. That said, it doesn’t justify pushing . a release forward and at a minimum we will discontinue this practice. We . will also discuss this with our Mentors on 12/13 to receive coaching on . this topic. As mentioned earlier, having an Apache email list that doesn’t support . images makes it very challenging for our project. We would be interested . to know if the ASF Infrastructure Team has any plans to address this. We currently only have 3 active PMCs (1 inactive We should strive to . add more PMCs to the project.How has the community developed since the last report?. Organic growth of our Github contributors (274->306), forks .(3627->3974), . watchers (1077->1157) and stars (20,519->22,097 Added Krist Wongsuphasawat as a new committer.How has the project developed since the last report?. We have been intentional in discussing and voting on issues using . GitHub (for SIPs) as it supports images (a current challenge with the. Apache email listserv) and held votes for them on the. dev@superset.incubator.apache.org list. Faster, easier editing of datasources (adding new metrics, dimensions, . metadata) - We've now added the ability to modify datasources directly . from the Explore view. . New time range filter with added simple default options, and relative . date filters. Url shortener for dashboards, for easier sharing. Improvements to the visualize flow - You can now go from a sql query . right to a chart without needing to configure columns. A healthy, constant flow of bug fixes, quality improvements and new. features, take a look at the project’s Pulse on Github for more details.How does the podling rate their own maturity. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. No official release yet since being voted into Apache. Incubation. (Planning for the first Apache release in Q1, 2019.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Krist Wongsuphasawat - Committer (2018-11-06.Signed-off-by:. (superset) Ashutosh Chauhan. Comments:. (superset) Luke Han. Comments:. (superset) Alan Gates. Comments: This is a very nice detailed report, thanks. .IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Justin Mclean: Thanks for recognising the issues this project faces. and taking steps towards fixing them.