Superset is an enterprise-ready web application for data exploration, data.visualization and dashboarding.Superset has been incubating since 2017-05-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Plan and execute our first Apache release. Since the last report, we . have removed all questionable third party code from the repo, which was a . major blocker for the source code release, and are ready to begin the work . on the first code release. . 2. Address remaining project operations issues. See below.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMS) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware .of?. For project operations, we have made the following progress and need the . following support:. Held a meeting on December 13 with Mentors, PMC, and Committers to learn . more about the Apache way and clarified ways of contributing and . collaborating that would uphold the principles. The notes from this meeting . were shared on the dev list. . No more unapproved releases. We are working towards our first official . release; see above. . Trademark: We continue to have challenges here. Our attempts to complete . this task has been unsuccessful and we would appreciate more specific . guidance. .How has the community developed since the last report?. Organic growth of our Github contributors (306->343), forks (3974->4300), . watchers (1157->1170) and stars (22,097->23,326.How has the project developed since the last report?. Added Christine Chambers as a new committer. In general, there has been a healthy, constant flow of bug fixes, quality . improvements and new features. Please see project’s commit log on Github . for more details. Some highlights:. New features. Refined layout of SQL Lab. Added back-end for tagging system, for organization and discovery of . content. Added support for customization of deployments: feature flags, custom . logo. . Decoupled visualizations as plugins that can be added/removed. . Omnibar on dashboard page, to enable users to easily switch between . dashboards. New deck.gl polygon visualization type that accommodates aggregated . spatial types (zip, geohash, etc. Bug fixes, code quality and housekeeping. All files now include ASF header. A lighter, more accurate events logger for user interactivities with . timing. More translations were added. Sped up build time and tests on Travis CI. Fixed vulnerabilities from dependencies. .How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. No official release yet since being voted into Apache. Incubation. (Planning for the first Apache release in Q2, 2019.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Christine Chambers - Committer (2019-01-06.Signed-off-by:. (superset) Ashutosh Chauhan. Comments:. (superset) Luke Han. Comments:. (superset) Alan Gates. Comments: Sent email to dev list following up on the request for help . with trademark issues. I have been impressed over the last 3 months with . the renewed effort this community is putting into learning and adopting the . Apache Way.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.