Superset is an enterprise-ready web application for data exploration, data visualization and dashboarding.Superset has been incubating since 2017-05-21.Most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:.Plan and execute our first Apache release. While pushing three release candidates this far, we ironed out many issues around licensing, copyright, and the existence of binary files in the repository / source code releases. Address remaining project operations issues. See below.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of? For project operations, we have made the following progress and need the following support: Trademark: No progress has been made here. No one volunteered to get this done. Some attempts have been made but the documentation and deliverable are confusing / unclear.How has the community developed since the last report?.Organic growth of our Github contributors (343->368), forks (4300->4633), watchers (1170->1166) and stars (23,326->24,442How has the project developed since the last report?.Added Ville Brofeldt as a new committer.Promoted Beto de Almeida from committer to PMC member.Promoted Krist Wongsuphasawat from committer to PMC member on 2019-04-23.In general, there has been a healthy, constant flow of bug fixes, quality improvements and new features. Please see project’s commit log on Github for more details. Some highlights:.Release-related:.3 RCs were brought up for vote (2 failed, one vote in-progress), issues were raised and addressed, the release process and release validation process is becoming more automated through the use of Docker, which allows for a reproducible reference implementation Moved example-related data to live outside of the repository and be downloaded upon running “superset load_examples” Got rid of an image with an unidentified license Removed .mo files (translation-related binaries.New features / Progress.feat: Scheduling queries from SQL Lab (#7416) (#7446feat: Live query validation in the SQL Lab UI.Progress on visualizations as plugins and embeddable components.propagate color mapping from dashboard to charts.view presto row objects in data grid.Bug fixes, code quality and housekeeping.Improved stability / usability of SQL Lab.Improved stability / usability of geospatial visualizations.More repo automation with issue stale bots.Fix control validation handling.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Working towards first release.Date of last release.No official release yet since being voted into Apache Incubation. (Still planning for the first Apache release in Q2, 2019.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Ville Brofeldt - Committer (2019-05-07Beto de Almeida - PMC member (2019-05-20Krist Wongsuphasawat PMC member (2019-04-23Signed-off-by:. (superset) Jakob Homan Comments: Just starting to mentor; looking at various growth and ASF Way areas to improve. (superset) Alan Gates Comments:.