Commons RDF is a set of interfaces and classes for RDF 1.1 concepts and.behaviours. The commons-rdf-api module defines interfaces and testing.harness. The commons-rdf-simple module provides a basic reference.implementation to exercise the test harness and clarify API contracts.CommonsRDF has been incubating since 2015-03-06.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Find concrete target goals that could make the project viable as a. Commons component. 2. Work with key target communities (Apache Jena and Eclipse RDF4J) to. ensure Commons RDF meets potential user requirements and expectations. towards next versions of the Commons API. 3. Re-engage and grow the Commons RDF community base.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. More key people (Andy Seaborne this time) has left the podling due. lack of time. Mentor Rob Vesse has also resigned for the. same reason.How has the community developed since the last report?. Community have been compacted with the lost of some key people. We still. aim to attract a more broader RDF community, both in and out of ASF. Mailing list stats:. dev@commonsrdf traffic. Mar 2016: 45. Apr 2016: 75. May 2016: 18. Jira stats for last 90 days:. Created: 7. Resolved: 6.How has the project developed since the last report?. Project's development has resumed the work in the last weeks, being able. to cast a 0.2.0-incubating release https://s.apache.org/rd0E. Achieving such milestone has reactivated the discussion about the future. of the project. All options have been put on the table, even retiring. the podling; but currently the most likely option looks to be graduating. as a Apache Commons component. Rather than the original plan of aiming for each RDF frameworks to adapt. Commons RDF, the project is now experimenting with its own integration. bindings in the style of Commons VFS. Discussions will continue in the. next weeks.Date of last release:. 2016-05-24 apache-commonsrdf-0.2.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None.Signed-off-by:. (commonsrdf) John D Ament. (commonsrdf) Gary Gregory.