Commons RDF is a set of interfaces and classes for RDF 1.1 concepts and.behaviours. The commons-rdf-api module defines interfaces and testing.harness. The commons-rdf-simple module provides a basic reference.implementation to exercise the test harness and clarify API contracts.CommonsRDF has been incubating since 2015-03-06.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the CommonsRDF Community such that we can progress. towards graduation. 2. Further engage the podling with the nuances of the Apache. Incubation process. 3. Drive towards the first incubating release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Peter Ansell resigned from the PPMC, but remains affiliated with the. project.How has the community developed since the last report?. Development and coding practices agreed. Newcomers are joining discussions, adding feature requests. Mailing list subscribers numbers were not included in last report. Numbers. for April 2015:. dev@ ======> 16 subscribers, 333 messages. commits@ ======> 9 subscribers, 248 messages.How has the project developed since the last report?. There has been a bunch of development activity going on at CommonsRDF with. over 200 dev@ messages in March and 300 in April. Website and. documentation established at http://commonsrdf.incubator.apache.org. All. project communication and development has been migrated to Apache. Infrastructure. The project has been introduced to the W3C Data on the. Web Best Practices Working Group to increase the community. There is also. an ongoing thread relating to the first project incubating release with a. release candidate currently being voted on.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. N/A.Signed-off-by:. (commonsrdf) Rob Vesse. (commonsrdf) John D Ament. (commonsrdf) Gary Gregory. (commonsrdf) Lewis J. McGibbney (Champion (ipmc) Chris Mattmann.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Chris Mattmann:. Peter Ansell's resignation from the IPMC isn't related to this project,. right?. Rob Vesse:. Peter Ansell's resignation was due to frustrations at the speed of. progress particularly around some technical discussions that he had felt. had previously been resolved prior to this project entering the. Incubator and so he has chosen to focus his efforts on other projects. The project does seem to now have resolved those issues and has been. able to move forward with a first release candidate. John Ament:. Peter Ansell resigned from the PPMC/Podling, not the IPMC.