Commons RDF is a set of interfaces and classes for RDF 1.1 concepts and.behaviours. The commons-rdf-api module defines interfaces and testing.harness. The commons-rdf-simple module provides a basic reference.implementation to exercise the test harness and clarify API contracts.CommonsRDF has been incubating since 2015-03-06.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Re-engage and grow the Commons RDF community base. 2. Work with key target communities (initially within Apache) to ensure. Commons RDF meets potential user requirements and expectations towards. next versions of the Commons API.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. n/a.How has the community developed since the last report?. Sleeper community in the last months; just few mails and commits.How has the project developed since the last report?. Development has seen a drop in engagement across the board. Internal. discussions about the scope and target audience/consumers has affected the. community, loosing in the way one of the project founders and main contact. with a primary target project. Therefore next months are critical to find. the project fit or decide to wrap up this venture. Some discussions in. this direction are taking place: http://s.apache.org/SFA. On a brighter note one thing for the CommonsRDF PPMC to consider is that. in the beginning there was a small group of 5 core committers. Recently. the number of subscribers to the dev@ list was 22. It is not all down and. gloom. The PPMC has actually done pretty well in attracting new community. to join the community ML.Date of last release:. 2015-05-07.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. n/a (no PPMC or Committers have been elected yet.Signed-off-by:. (commonsrdf) Lewis John McGibbney. (commonsrdf) Rob Vesse. (commonsrdf) John D Ament. (commonsrdf) Gary Gregory.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. John D. Ament (johndament):. . Podling activity still appears to be on the low side. I hope that more. releases may help get more visibility into the podling, but the active. group is active enough.