SystemML provides declarative large-scale machine learning (ML) that aims at.flexible specification of ML algorithms and automatic generation of hybrid.runtime plans ranging from single node, in-memory computations, to.distributed computations such as Apache Hadoop MapReduce and Apache Spark.SystemML has been incubating since 2015-11-02.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow SystemML community: increase mailing list activity,. increase adoption of SystemML for scalable machine learning, encourage. data scientists to adopt DML and PyDML algorithm scripts, respond to. user feedback to ensure SystemML meets the requirements of real-world. situations, write papers, and present talks about SystemML. 2. Core library improvements, including Apache Spark integration. 3. Produce a release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. The community has been blocked by INFRA-10714 since November. Beginning Jan 6th, we are manually updating the missing fields in JIRA so. that we can properly manage project issues and delegate issues to new. users to grow our community.How has the community developed since the last report?. Users have asked several excellent questions on the dev list, and existing. committers are actively helping these users. The project is receiving pull. requests from contributors, committers have discussed these pull requests. with their contributors, and contributions have been merged into the. project. Matthias Boehm has presented talks regarding the SystemML. Optimizer at TU Dresden, HTW Dresden, and TU Berlin. Fred Reiss presented. a talk on Dec 8th.How has the project developed since the last report?. Numerous core library improvements have been made to project. Additional. documentation has been created to help new users. The test suite has been. refactored to increase maintainability and performance. Contributions have. been made by non-IBM contributors. We are developing our 2016 roadmap,. as seen in the "[DISCUSS] Project Roadmap" thread on the mailing list at. http://s.apache.org/9hK>.Date of last release:. NONE.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. NONE.Signed-off-by:. (systemml) Luciano Resende. (systemml) Patrick Wendell. (systemml) Reynold Xin. (systemml) Rich Bowen.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.