SystemML provides declarative large-scale machine learning (ML) that aims at.flexible specification of ML algorithms and automatic generation of hybrid.runtime plans ranging from single node, in-memory computations, to distributed.computations such as Apache Hadoop MapReduce and Apache Spark.SystemML has been incubating since 2015-11-02.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow SystemML community: increase mailing list activity,. increase adoption of SystemML for scalable machine learning, encourage data. scientists to adopt DML algorithm scripts, respond to user feedback to. ensure SystemML meets the requirements of real-world situations, and present. talks about SystemML. 2. Continue to produce releases. 3. Increase the diversity of our project's contributors and committers.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. NONE.How has the community developed since the last report?. Our mailing list from February through April had 350 messages on a variety. of topics. We gained 1 new contributor to the project since February 1. On. GitHub, the project has been starred 487 times and forked 184 times.How has the project developed since the last report?. The main project has had 334 commits since February 1. 112 pull requests have. been created since February 1, and 103 pull requests have been closed. Since. February 1, 348 issues have been reported on our JIRA site and 249 of these. have been resolved.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-03-02 (version 0.13.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2017-05-01 Felix Schüler (PPMC.Signed-off-by:. (systemml) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (systemml) Henry Saputra. Comments:. (systemml) Patrick Wendell. Comments:. (systemml) Reynold Xin. Comments:. (systemml) Rich Bowen. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Drew Farris (shepherd): Healthy activity on the mailing lists. . Two mentors active. Looking good.