SystemML provides declarative large-scale machine learning (ML) that aims at.flexible specification of ML algorithms and automatic generation of hybrid.runtime plans ranging from single node, in-memory computations, to.distributed computations running on Apache Hadoop MapReduce and Apache.Spark.SystemML has been incubating since 2015-11-02.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. - Grow SystemML community: increase mailing list activity,. increase adoption of SystemML for scalable machine learning, encourage. data scientists to adopt DML and PyDML algorithm scripts, respond to. user feedback to ensure SystemML meets the requirements of real-world. situations, write papers, and present talks about SystemML. - Produce a release (in progress.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. NONE. We have resolved our blocking infrastructure issues related to. project JIRA.How has the community developed since the last report?. Our mailing list in January had 123 messages (7 of which were Jenkins We. have had several useful discussions on the mailing list concerning various. aspects of SystemML. We have had several additional discussions on our. JIRA site and in our Pull Request conversations. We have received. usability feedback which includes filing JIRA issues and mailing list. activity.How has the project developed since the last report?. Numerous additions have been made to the project, including core. functionality, usability improvements, and documentation. The project has. had 96 commits since January 6. In the last 30 days, 126 new issues have. been reported on our JIRA site and 68 issues have been resolved. We are in. the process of producing our first Apache release, version 0.9.0. RC3. passed the SystemML PMC vote and is currently being voted on by the IPMC.Date of last release:. NONE.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. NONE.Signed-off-by:. (systemml) Luciano Resende. (systemml) Patrick Wendell. (systemml) Reynold Xin. (systemml) Rich Bowen.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.