SystemML provides declarative large-scale machine learning (ML) that aims at.flexible specification of ML algorithms and automatic generation of hybrid.runtime plans ranging from single node, in-memory computations, to.distributed computations running on Apache Hadoop MapReduce and Apache.Spark.SystemML has been incubating since 2015-11-02.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. - Grow SystemML community: increase mailing list activity,. increase adoption of SystemML for scalable machine learning, encourage. data scientists to adopt DML and PyDML algorithm scripts, respond to. user feedback to ensure SystemML meets the requirements of real-world. situations, write papers, and present talks about SystemML. - Continue to produce releases. - Increase the diversity of our project's contributors and committers.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. NONE.How has the community developed since the last report?. Our mailing list from February through April had 199 messages involving. topics such as algorithms, DML functionality, usability, and bug fixes. In. addition, we have had many discussions on our JIRA site and in pull. request conversations. Fred Reiss presented at Spark Summit East on. February 17 about SystemML internals. Berthold Reinwald spoke at the Spark. Technology Center on March 9 about scalable machine learning with. SystemML. Niketan Pansare spoke on April 28 at Datapalooza in Austin and. on April 29 at Rice University about declarative machine learning at scale. with SystemML. Researchers in Germany are working to add Flink as an. additional SystemML backend. On GitHub, the project has been starred 267. times and forked 92 times. We have gained two new contributors since. February 1st.How has the project developed since the last report?. We produced our first Apache release, version 0.9.0-incubating. Numerous. additions have been made to the project, including core functionality,. usability improvements, and documentation. The project has had 204 commits. since February 1. In the same time frame, 155 new issues have been. reported on our JIRA site and 77 issues have been resolved. 114 pull. requests opened since Febrary 1 have been closed. We are preparing to. produce our second incubator release.Date of last release:. 2016-02-15 (version 0.9.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. NONE.Signed-off-by:. (systemml) Luciano Resende. (systemml) Patrick Wendell. (systemml) Reynold Xin. (systemml) Rich Bowen.