A unified In-Memory Data Fabric providing high-performance, distributed in-.memory data management software layer between various data sources and user.applications.Ignite has been incubating since 2014-10-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finish migration to Apache process. 2. Grow active and healthy community around Apache Ignite product. 3. Get on a stable release schedule and have 3 successful product. releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None at the moment.How has the community developed since the last report?. Several contributors expressed interest in contributing.How has the project developed since the last report?. - Started the implementation of JCache (JSR 107) specification. - Integrated JCache (JSR 107) TCK test suite into project lifecycle. - Made significant improvements to Apache Ignite (incubating) website. - Submitted SGA from GridGain to Apache Ignite (incubating) for In-Memory. Hadoop Accelerator.Date of last release:. No releases yet: the code is still in the migration phase.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 10/01/2014 Initial committers were added.Signed-off-by:. (ignite) Branko Čibej. (ignite) Konstantin Boudnik. (ignite) Henry Saputra. (ignite) Roman Shaposhnik. (ignite) Michael Stack.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Alan Cabrera (adc):. This podling is off to a great start. Mentors are extremely active. participants with most of the non-Jira chatter being between Dmitriy. Setrakyan and the mentors; look to the Jira issue to see the rest of the. community "getting it done". The "issues to be addressed" section seems. reasonable. Branko Čibej (brane):. I agree with Alan's assessment, but I'd really like to see more. activity on the dev@ list; especially more of the initial committers. getting involved in discussions there. Whilst Jira notifications are. nice, I have a nagging feeling that most of the discussions within. the community are happening off-line, which leaves a rather large. hole in the community's collective memory (i.e., mail archives. This will have to be addressed before graduation.