A unified In-Memory Data Fabric providing high-performance,.distributed in- memory data management software layer between various.data sources and user applications.Ignite has been incubating since 2014-10-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finish migration to Apache process (DONE . 2. Grow active and healthy community around Apache Ignite product. (Community is healthy and growing. . 3. Get on a stable release schedule and have 3 successful product. releases (DONE.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None at the moment.How has the community developed since the last report?. - Ignite currently has 19 active contributors. - In the process of adding 6 more committers (currently in votes. - Latest list of committers and contributors can be found here:. https://ignite.incubator.apache.org/community.html#list.How has the project developed since the last report?. - Released Apache Ignite 1.0-RC3. - Released Apache Ignite 1.0. - Released Apache Ignite 1.1. - Passed JCache (JSR107) TCK suite. - Started user mailing list at user@ignite.incubator.apache.org. - Created Wiki for the developer community: https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/IGNITE/. - Fully automated the build and release process via maven.Date of last release:. 2015-05-28.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 01/20/2015 Added 3 additional committers. 06/04/2015 PPMC approved 6 additional committers (invitations are being sent.Signed-off-by:. (ignite) Branko Čibej. (ignite) Konstantin Boudnik. (ignite) Roman Shaposhnik. (ignite) Michael Stack.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Branko Čibej (brane):. The Ignite community has progressed very nicely in recent months. The dev@ list has become the main communication channel, new contributors. are arriving and many have been invited to the PPMC. Apart from a few. minor teething problems, the latest release has gone smoothly. I'm hoping that we'll be able to report successful graduation by the. time the next board report is due.