Marvin-AI is an open-source artificial intelligence (AI) platform that helps.data scientists, prototype and productionalize complex solutions with a.scalable, low-latency, language-agnostic, and standardized architecture.while simplifies the process of exploration and modeling.Marvin-AI has been incubating since 2018-08-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1.Move development infrastructure to Apache. 2.Build Community. 3.Build Releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. No.How has the community developed since the last report?. The project began to receive help from community members (not PPMC. members) more actively with the development of the project site. The community started discussing contribution patterns in the. repository and came up with some good practices that should be followed. A new member is being included as a contributor to the project. Only a. few details are missing for inclusion.How has the project developed since the last report?. A new code repository was created for the development of the project. site following the Apache template. Bug fixes were done in the code and in the project documentation. Some PoC's to a new Toolbox version was included to a new branch on the. repo.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. At least two of the mentors are sometimes active.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. N/A.Signed-off-by:. (marvin-ai) Jim Jagielski. Comments:. (marvin-ai) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (marvin-ai) William Colen. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Justin Mclean: Can the PPMC please make sure that they are following the. private mailing list.