Fineract is an open source system for core banking as a platform.Fineract has been incubating since 2015-12-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. With the first official incubation release out, we want to work on getting frequent successful incubation releases shipped to the community on a monthly basis. 2. Adding new committers and contributors to the project along with empowering volunteers and support partner organizations in the community to contribute to the codebase while using the project infrastructure. 3. Resolving the questions around introduction of a rework of the original code in particular repository/infrastructure/release questions which result from the microservice architecture.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.How has the community developed since the last report?. With the first official incubation release out, we look add several new committers who have worked on modules and features that will soon be merged into the release. . The community is more involved and engaged in asking questions on the developer and user mailing lists. We are working to ensure that all inquiries are actively addressed and more discussions regarding functionality and design occur on the mailing lists. .How has the project developed since the last report?. Our first release was made on October 25, 2016. We received 4 binding votes from the community. . Significant work was led by the Mifos core development team to address the licensing issues with a dependency on Hibernate and replacing it with OpenJPA - details on the code changes made and the challenges overcome can be found at https://youtu.be/C4lXtXY-MY4.Date of last release:.2016-10-25.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.2016-05-05.Signed-off-by:. (fineract) Ross Gardler. (fineract) Greg Stein. (fineract) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.(rvs) next item on the immediate TODO list for the community is to master releases of binary convenience artifacts.