Fineract is an open source system for core banking as a platform.Fineract has been incubating since 2015-12-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finalising the initial release. 2. Improve the communication around the differences between the previous. MifosX project and the new Fineract project, especially in the MifosX. community, website etc. 3. With the first initial release, encourage the community to use the. proper infastructure (mailing lists, issue tracker) for the ongoing. collaboration within the community. 4. Change management towards less 'key-man' dependency on previous. tech/community leaders from MifosX, more towards community driven. consensus. 5. Reduce clutter on mailinglist from JIRA updates etc.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. On the mailinglist there have been discussions around the lack of traffic. on it. This is part of the switchover from the current MifosX community. and mailinglists towards the new Fineract lists. At the same time the. recent meet-up of Mifosx and Fineract devs and people interested in it. (see community development), has also triggered a lot of offline. interaction.How has the community developed since the last report?. While activity on the mailinglist has been pretty low, we've had a great. meet-up in Amsterdam where a nice mix of existing MifosX community members. and a group of new interested people was present. This has boosted. interest in Fineract. We have a high level of interest from new contributors throughout Africa -. we are working to properly engage them and guide them to the correct. collaboration channels in our Fineract community.How has the project developed since the last report?. Individual members of the leading partner organizations building solutions. using the Fineract platform have begun to effectively use the Fineract. issue tracker to communicate and track the requirements and enhancements. they're building and contributing to Fineract. These individuals are. setting a good example that other individuals from our partner community. should follow.Date of last release:. N/A.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. N/A.Signed-off-by:. (fineract) Ross Gardler. (fineract) Greg Stein. (fineract) Roman Shaposhnik.