Fineract is an open source system for core banking as a platform.Fineract has been incubating since 2015-12-15.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Getting a first release out we are still inhibited by Hibernate issues. which are more deeply rooted than we realized. 2. Moving the community from the Mifos infrastructure to the Apache. infrastructure most discussions are taking place out of public view. 3. Resolving the questions around introduction of a rework of the original. code in particular repository/infrastructure/release questions which. result from the microservice architecture.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. The person who creates and submits the board reports will cease to perform. this task until the code rework is ready to be introduced to the community. It is possible that this will endanger the board reports.How has the community developed since the last report?. Several prospective new committers have recently joined the Mifos community. through Google Summer of Code and as new partners that we are working to. add as committers to the Apache Fineract.How has the project developed since the last report?. We have tried and failed to produce an apache release again. A release was. produced by the mifos community outside of apache and announced on the. apache fineract user list. The release included work intended to move us closer to apache policies. In particular, the removal of Hibernate annotations from the code uncovered. a circular dependency in the data structure which was not caught in. testing. Two production systems from early adopters are out-of-service. today.Date of last release:. XXXX-XX-XX.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Jim Jagielski was added as a mentor.Signed-off-by:. (fineract) Ross Gardler. (fineract) Greg Stein. (fineract) Roman Shaposhnik. (fineract) Jim Jagielski.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Roman Shaposhnik:. I'll be following up with the community on the report generation point. which clearly needs to be clarified.