brpc is an industrial-grade RPC framework for building reliable and high- performance services.brpc has been incubating since 2018-11-13.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.1.release Apache standard releases regularly 2.attract more contributors and committers 3.clean branding issue.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No big issues.How has the community developed since the last report?.We had one online meeting on Aug to talk about the task lists of near future. It includes several tasks.Let new PPMC member to involve into release related things.Add “good first issue” to several GitHub issues for beginner.Plan to have monthly online meeting.And we found that there are several engineers from tencent were using brpc too. We have invited them to join the dev@ mail list.How has the project developed since the last report?.Build 0.9.8-rc01 is released, this time our new PPMC member helei made the build. we are planning for our next release as 1.0.0 before the end of this year.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2020-08-05 vote passed for 0.9.8-rc01.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.2019-12-24.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Are things falling through the cracks? If so, please list any open issues that need to be addressed.Von suggest that we need to fix compliance issue and make a standard apache release next time. And we are planning that we will fix these issues on our next build which will become 1.0.0.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Are 3rd parties respecting and correctly using the podlings name and brand? If not what actions has the PPMC taken to correct this? Has the VP, Brand approved the project name? Not ready for the branding issue, will check it next time.Signed-off-by:. (brpc) Kevin A. McGrail.Comments: Any chance we can get more committers?. (brpc) Von Gosling.Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.