PredictionIO is an open source Machine Learning Server built on top of state-.of-the-art open source stack, that enables developers to manage and deploy.production-ready predictive services for various kinds of machine learning.tasks.PredictionIO has been incubating since 2016-05-26.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Establish a formal release schedule and process, allowing for.dependable release cycles in a manner consistent with the Apache way. 2. Grow the community to establish diversity of background. 3. Transition remaining former PredictionIO users from google-groups to.ASF mailing lists.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. Our new committers have been actively contributing new features and.bug fixes to the core codebase. 2. There are new local meetups about PredictionIO in Japan. 3. There has been growing integration effort of PredictionIO on the.Heroku platform. 4. Increased traffic on the user mailing list.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Around 40 pull requests have been accepted and merged since 0.11's.release, from both committers and contributors. 2. On track to stick with a bi-monthly release schedule. Proposing a new.release for the beginning of August. 3. Many cleanup effort into TLP graduation.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-04-25.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Mars Hall was elected as committer and PMC member on July 8, 2017.Signed-off-by:. (predictionio) Andrew Purtell. Comments:. (predictionio) James Taylor. Comments:. (predictionio) Lars Hofhansl. Comments:. (predictionio) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (predictionio) Xiangrui Meng. Comments:. (predictionio) Suneel Marthi. Comments:.