PredictionIO is an open source Machine Learning Server built on top of.state-of-the-art open source stack, that enables developers to manage and.deploy production-ready predictive services for various kinds of machine.learning tasks.PredictionIO has been incubating since 2016-05-26. The initial code for.PredictionIO was granted on 2016-06-16. A second grant of PredictionIO.templates and SDKs was granted on 2016-09-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Establish a formal release schedule and process, allowing for.dependable release cycles in a manner consistent with the Apache way. 2. Grow the community to establish diversity. 3. Migrate the remainder of former PredictionIO users from google-groups to.ASF mailing lists.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. Both user and development mailing list are seeing increased activity. 2. Users requesting features are coming forward with code contributions. There have been discussions regarding future roadmap and.development on the mailing lists. 3. The ecosystem around engine templates is slowly gaining traction again.on Apache infrastructure. There are discussions around engine templates.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. The first Apache release has been released on 2016-10-17. 2. The second software grant has been issued and recorded by ASF. Seven templates.and five SDKs are now transferred to Apache.Date of last release:. Apache PredictionIO 0.10.0-incubating on 2016-10-17.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Paul Li was elected as committer and PMC member on Aug 30, 2016.Signed-off-by:. (predictionio) Andrew Purtell. (predictionio) James Taylor. (predictionio) Lars Hofhansl. (predictionio) Luciano Resende. (predictionio) Xiangrui Meng. (predictionio) Suneel Marthi.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.Drew Farris (shepherd): Two Mentors active on the mailing lists. Healthy activity observed on lists.