PredictionIO is an open source Machine Learning Server built on top of.a state-of-the-art open source stack, that enables developers to manage and.deploy production-ready predictive services for various kinds of machine.learning tasks.PredictionIO has been incubating since 2016-05-26. The initial code for.PredictionIO was granted on 2016-06-16. The second grant of PredictionIO.templates and SDKs was granted on 2016-09-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Establish a formal release schedule and process, allowing for. dependable release cycles in a manner consistent with the Apache way. 2. Grow the community to establish diversity of background. 3. Transition remaining former PredictionIO users from google-groups to. ASF mailing lists.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. Both user and development mailing lists are more active than the last. report. 2. There are major feature contributions from both new committers and the. community. 3. The ecosystem around engine templates is gaining traction. There are. several new templates added to the engine template gallery. 4. Local user groups are budding, e.g. Japan PredictionIO User Group.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Several major feature contributions are under review. 2. The second release is on track for early February release. 3. There have been active discussions which have driven a solid roadmap. for future releases, especially centering around microservice. architecture, stateless builds, and running from anywhere with a. centralized metadata registry.Date of the last release:. Apache PredictionIO 0.10.0-incubating on 2016-10-17.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Chan Lee was elected as committer and PMC member on Nov 14, 2016. Marcin Ziemiński was elected as committer and PMC member on Nov 14, 2016.Signed-off-by:. (predictionio) Andrew Purtell. (predictionio) James Taylor. (predictionio) Lars Hofhansl. (predictionio) Luciano Resende. (predictionio) Xiangrui Meng. (predictionio) Suneel Marthi.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.