PredictionIO is an open source Machine Learning Server built on top of state-.of-the-art open source stack, that enables developers to manage and deploy.production-ready predictive services for various kinds of machine learning.tasks.PredictionIO has been incubating since 2016-05-26.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Establish a formal release schedule and process, allowing for.dependable release cycles in a manner consistent with the Apache way. 2. Grow the community to establish diversity of background. 3. Transition remaining former PredictionIO users from google-groups to.ASF mailing lists.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. We have published the first release (0.11.0) that incorporates major.changes by non-committer contributors. 2. There are new tutorials and online classes for PredictionIO by third.parties. 3. The user mailing list has more activities than last report. 4. GitHub stars keep growing.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Released version 0.11.0 with major contributions from the.non-committer community. 2. Established PMC documentation regarding release processes. 3. In the process of preparing for top level graduation discussion.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of the last release:. Apache PredictionIO 0.11.0-incubating on 2017-04-25.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Naoki Takezoe was elected as committer and PMC member on Apr 28, 2017,.pending acceptance of invitation and status change. Shinsuke Sugaya was elected as committer and PMC member on Apr 28, 2017,.pending acceptance of invitation and status change. Takahiro Hagino was elected as committer and PMC member on Apr 28, 2017,.pending acceptance of invitation and status change. Takako Shimamoto was elected as committer and PMC member on Apr 28, 2017,.pending acceptance of invitation and status change. Sara Asher was elected as product manager and JIRA administrator on Apr.30, 2017.Signed-off-by:. (predictionio) Andrew Purtell. Comments: The podling is planning a graduation vote soon. I have expressed. concerns regarding community growth. There are several frequent contributors. who were not invited to become committers until I asked about it. That said,. I think this podling is maturing and nearing graduation. . (predictionio) James Taylor. Comments:. (predictionio) Lars Hofhansl. Comments:. (predictionio) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (predictionio) Xiangrui Meng. Comments:. (predictionio) Suneel Marthi. Comments:.