Hudi provides atomic upserts and incremental data streams on Big Data.Hudi has been incubating since 2019-01-17.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make frequent releases as per Apache guidelines. 2. Grow community. 3. Complete SGA, transfer code to ASF infra.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. PODLINGNAMESEARCH-162 has been completed, but is not reflected on Whimsy.How has the community developed since the last report?. Project's still being setup. Few new user inquiries, 10+ signups on dev@ . ML.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Podling name search has been completed (PODLINGNAMESEARCH-162 2. hudi.apache.org site has been published with community guidelines. 3. Hudi Improvement Plan (based off Apache Kafka KIP) under review. 4. Agreement over code migration method, JIRA vs Github Issues. 5. Submitted a Hudi talk abstract for upcoming Berlin Buzzwords in June . 2019. 6. Issues migrated to Apache JIRA from github.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. Project still being established.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. No new committers since incubation.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Yes. Mentors are actively following up on ML questions and pointing out . gaps.Signed-off-by:. (hudi) Thomas Weise. Comments: Nice uptick on mailing list activity and collaboration . thinking. (hudi) Luciano Resende. Comments: A formal improvement process such based on Kafka KIP. might be overkill for a podling that is actively looking for . growing the community. Usually these processes are implemented. on big communitites that want to have some control over stability . or backward compatibility of the code. (hudi) Kishore Gopalakrishnan. Comments:. (hudi) Suneel Marthi. Comments: Good adaption of the Apache Way by PPMC. .IPMC/Shepherd notes:.