Hudi provides atomic upserts and incremental data streams on Big Data.Hudi has been incubating since 2019-01-17.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:. 1. Make frequent releases as per Apache guidelines. 2. Grow community. 3. Complete SGA, transfer code to ASF infra.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. PODLINGNAMESEARCH-162 has been completed, but is not reflected on Whimsy. SGA process has been delayed due to inability to quickly interact with . ASF legal counsel. Help expediting this communication would help a lot to . get the SGA done by Uber.How has the community developed since the last report?. - Project source code/docs/issue management all now hosted on apache . infrastructure. - HIP, a process for proposing large changes to the project has been . formalized by the community. - 30+ new threads on dev ML, with ~10 non-PPMC contributors.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Code has been moved over to apache/incubator-hudi. 2. hudi.apache.org site has been restructured and simplified for . community consumption. 3. Hudi Improvement Plan (based off Apache Kafka KIP) ratified and . formalized. Few first HIPs written. 4. Submitted a Hudi talk abstract for Kafka Summit 2019. 5. ~20 PRs merged.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. Project still being established in Incubator.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. No new committers since incubation. .Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Yes. Mentors are continuing to help us make things better.Signed-off-by:. (hudi) Thomas Weise. Comments:. (hudi) Luciano Resende. Comments: The podling is claiming 'Initial Setup'. What is still missing?. Any help required from mentors ? . (hudi) Kishore Gopalakrishnan. Comments:. (hudi) Suneel Marthi. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.