Joshua is a statistical machine translation toolkit.Joshua has been incubating since 2016-02-13.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make another Apache Joshua incubating release. 2. Identifying specific use cases that we might excel at. 3. Attracting active developers and users.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?.The community mailing lists have seen a few new users.Questions have been answered in reasonable time. Community .building is probably the biggest challenge for Joshua right.now. .Tommaso Teofili and Suneel Marthi, presented 'Embracing Diversity:.Searching Over multiple languages' on June 12, 2017 at Berlin Buzzwords,.Berlin - demonstrating machine translation using Apache Joshua.How has the project developed since the last report?.Apache Joshua 6.1 (Incubating) was released, which is the first.Apache release for Joshua. The community is actively discussing .the roadmap and where Joshua should be in the near future.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-06-22.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. - 2016-11-16 Michael A. Hedderich (mhedderich) joins the Joshua PPMC +. Committership. - 2016-11-16 Tobias Domhan (tdomhan) joins the Joshua PPMC + Committership. - 2016-11-02 Max Thomas (mthomas) joins the Joshua PPMC + Committership.Signed-off-by:. (joshua) Paul Ramirez. Comments:. (joshua) Lewis John McGibbney. Comments:. (joshua) Chris Mattmann. Comments:. I updated status to nearing graduation. The community has grown and we have made a release. Not sure what else we need to do in the Incubator, but willing to wait a few months to sort it out. (joshua) Tom Barber. Comments:. The release was well organized and delivered thanks to Lewis and Tommaso, it feels to me like the Joshua developers need to be a little more proactive. As the report points out, community building is the biggest issue, I'm going to spend some time in the near future working with the PPMC to see what integrations, tutorials and demos we can do to drive developers and adoption which will hopefully expand the community.