Joshua is a statistical machine translation toolkit.Joshua has been incubating since 2016-02-13.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make another Apache Joshua incubating release (7.0.0. 2. Identifying specific use cases that Joshua might excel at. 3. Attracting active developers and users.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?.The community mailing lists continue to see a few new users.requiring assistance with using the project.Questions have been answered in reasonable time. Community .building continues to be the biggest challenge for Joshua right.now.How has the project developed since the last report?.The PPMC is actively working towards a 7.0.0 release.candidate which will essentially be a re-modularization of.the Joshua source code for distribution and hopefully .improved consumption as a dependency within other projects.We have seen a few pull requests logged specifically addressing.source code formatting, this is a positive.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-06-22.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. - 2016-11-16 Michael A. Hedderich (mhedderich) joins the Joshua PPMC +. Committership. - 2016-11-16 Tobias Domhan (tdomhan) joins the Joshua PPMC + Committership. - 2016-11-02 Max Thomas (mthomas) joins the Joshua PPMC + Committership.Signed-off-by:. (joshua) Paul Ramirez. Comments:. (joshua) Lewis John McGibbney. Comments: I suspect that the Joshua PPMC will move towards proposing the . project graduates post 7.0.0 release. I am working with Tommaso to progress. the 7.X branch merge into mainstream development. . (joshua) Chris Mattmann. Comments:. (joshua) Tom Barber. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. johndament: The project seems OK. Not a lot of on list chatter, outside of JIRA. May be ready, may warrant some additional time growing. Will leave it to mentors to decide.