iPMC Reviewers: jukka, jimProject name - Apache CXF.Description - SOA enabling framework, web services toolkit.Date of entry - August, 2006.Top three items to resolve.Diversity - Active commiters are mostly IONA people(and IONA aquiring LogicBlaze didn't help However, we do have more than three indepentent organizations represented. 2. Growth of community - related to diversity. The traffic on both the users and dev lists is growing with new people jumping in. The 2.0 release has started to generate much more traffic. With a full "none RC" release, we've started getting traffic from people migrating from other products. The CXF community is excited to see this and hope we can rise to the challenge of supporting these new users. 3. Mentor status - recent discussion on general@i.a.o suggested we really need three active mentors. We currently only have 2 active mentors (Jim and James That said, we successfully released 2.0 and voted in new committers with votes from those two and others on the IPMC. Thanks to the other IPMC folks for taking the time.Community aspects:.Voted in Jeff Genender as a committer due to his excellent work on JAX-WS compliancy fixes.Voted in Tomasz Sztelak from XFire community. He's been contributing to a Maven archetype as well as some docs and other XFire migration things.Released 2.0-incubator.Apache Geronimo has been certified J2EE compliant using CXF as their JAX-WS and JWS implementation.A lot of documentation has been added to our Wiki specifically targetting users and people migrating from XFire. We hope this helps attract more users (and thus a create a larger communityCode aspects:.Released 2.0-incubator - this release is JAX-WS Compliant and passed the TCK which was a major milestone for the project.Working on bug fixes for a 2.0.1 hopefully to be released in a few more weeks to address issues found in 2.0.Also planning features for 2.1 including JAX-WS 2.1.iPMC questions / comments:.jukka: Please update the status file, otherwise looks fine.jukka: Generally, any good ideas what we could do to help projects in need of more mentors?.