Airflow is a workflow automation and scheduling system that can be used to.author and manage data pipelines.Airflow has been incubating since 2016-03-31.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Getting an Apache release out. 2. 3.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.We discovered a private Gitter channel for committers that was created during.the days when the Git project was owned by Airbnb. When the Github project’s.ownership moved to the ASF, so did that of all the Gitter channels. We killed.the channel - all committers left the channel and can no longer even.see/discover it.How has the community developed since the last report?.1. We elected 2 new PPMC Members/Committers (Li Xuanji a.k.a. Zodiac & Sumit.Maheshwari a.k.a. msumit) 2. Since our last podling report 3 months ago (i.e.between Jul 7 and Oct 4, inclusive ), we grew our contributors from 160 to 191.3. Since our last podling report 3 months ago (i.e. between Jul 7 and Oct 4,.inclusive ) , we merged >142 pull requests 4. Two meet-ups (One for HUG.Warsaw, the other an Airflow meet-up @Stripe HQ in SF) and several public.talks (e.g. DataDaySeattle, PyData SF) were held by the community 5. Since.being accepted into the incubator, the number of companies using Apache.Airflow has risen from 30 to 58.How has the project developed since the last report?.1. Podling name search approved :.https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/PODLINGNAMESEARCH-110 2. Very active.discussion list, public Gitter channels and JIRA (more than 500 issues.Date of last release:. None. First ASF release currently being discussed.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?.As mentioned on.https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/AIRFLOW/Announcements, 1. On Aug.16, Sumit Maheshwari (a.k.a. msumit) was elected to the PPMC and Committer.group 2. On Aug 19, Li Xuanji (a.k.a. zodiac) was elected to the PPMC and.Committer group.Signed-off-by:. (airflow) Chris Nauroth. (airflow) Hitesh Shah. (airflow) Jakob Homan.