FreeMarker is a template engine, i.e. a generic tool to generate text output.based on templates. FreeMarker is implemented in Java as a class library for.programmers.FreeMarker has been incubating since 2015-07-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. We think that the project is getting ready for a successful. graduation, since during incubation we have cleared copyright and. trademark, migrated all the project's assets to the ASF Infra,. learned how to produce and publish releases (with 2 releases issued. during incubation), learned how to invite committers. But, the. project is still struggling to find a way to "convert" active users. into committers; there are several users that have expressed the. desire to be more involved and help the project, but this doesn't. materialize into consistent contributions. In order to facilitate. new contributions and attract new potential committers we are trying. to define new ideas/tasks that are useful to the project but can be. completed even by contributors who don't yet know the project in. depth. We also plan to make a non-backward-compatible branch which. is easier to contribute to because it removes the substantial. complexity caused by the legacy burden, and also allows adding. interesting new features that wouldn't be feasible with the backward. compatibility constraints set more than 12 years ago.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. There were no changes.How has the project developed since the last report?. This was a more silent period, but Jira issues, pull request, Stack. Overflow questions were answered, some issues were fixed.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2015-10-21 Nan Lei, committer (non-PMC.Date of last release:. 2016-06-26.Signed-off-by:. (freemarker) Jacopo Cappellato. (freemarker) Jean-Frederic Clere. (freemarker) David E. Jones. (freemarker) Ralph Goers. (freemarker) Sergio Fernández.