FreeMarker is a template engine, i.e. a generic tool to generate text output.based on templates. FreeMarker is implemented in Java as a class library for.programmers.FreeMarker has been incubating since 2015-07-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finding contributors. 2. Do the first release from ASF. 3. Further infrastructure migrations (move issues to Jira, web site.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. There's no significant change since the last month.How has the project developed since the last report?. The IP clearance process is now complete given that:. 1) Software License Agreements have been collected (and have been filed by. the ASF Secretary) for the former copyright owners that are no more. active and involved in the project. 2) Contributor License Agreements have been collected (and have been filed. by the ASF Secretary) for the main contributors of the project, that are. now committers of the incubating project. 3) Notices in the project mailing lists and website have been published to. announce that the project is now incubating at ASF and to invite. potential contributors to participate in the new home. 4) License headers have been updated to reflect the new copyright. Git repositories were migrated to ASF, and development now goes at ASF. GitHub integration was configured so that we can receive pull requests. Mailing lists were officially moved over to ASF. Jira was created and marked as the official issue tracker, though old. issues weren't yet migrated.Date of last release:. There was no release from the Incubator yet.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. We only have the initial committers and initial PMC members yet.Signed-off-by:. (freemarker) Jacopo Cappellato. (freemarker) Jean-Frederic Clere. (freemarker) David E. Jones. (freemarker) Ralph Goers. (freemarker) Sergio Fernández.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.