FreeMarker is a template engine, i.e. a generic tool to generate text output.based on templates. FreeMarker is implemented in Java as a class library for.programmers.FreeMarker produces releases from its current stable branch since 2004 (and.is started in 1999.FreeMarker has been incubating since 2015-07-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. The project is constantly exploring new ways to "convert" active. users into committers, since we have a very large user base and a. rather small group of committers. This was actually expected, given. the age (and topic) of the project. While the FreeMarker 3 line,. which was started quite recently, will be much more appealing for. contributors, development on that direction will certainly take a. long time. In other respects the project is mature and ready for. graduation.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We are eager to graduate but we were hoping to increase the number. of active contributors more before the graduation. However, since. the community is slowly growing and we have completed all the. Incubation tasks, we are now more inclined to discuss the graduation. and then proceed as a top level project. One of the practical. problems with being stuck in the Incubator is that many users stick. to the last non-incubating release as that has no "-incubating" in. the Maven coordinates, missing out on fixes and features done in the. recent two years. We brought up the issue with the Maven coordinate. on general@incubator.apache.org (saying that because our Maven. coordinate doesn't contain "apache", "incubating" is meaningless. there), but there was no consensus.How has the community developed since the last report?. We have welcomed a new committer (non-PMC), Woonsan Ko. A few new people has shown up to help out with our Twitter channel. (such as making a new logo for it, and helping to make it more. active), and to work on modernizing our build scripts. The starting of the FreeMarker 3 branch has generated more technical. discussions than usual.How has the project developed since the last report?. We have created a Project Maturity Model page at. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/FREEMARKER/Apache+Freemarker+Project+Maturity+Model. We have started the FreeMarker 3 branch, whose goal is to get rid of. backward compatibility burden that holds back the project quite much. at this point, and doesn't allow us to fully capitalize on the. experiences of the last 15 years. In our current situation it's also. very important that the new branch, as it advances, will be. technically far more appealing than the legacy branch for. contributors. Also, the new branch uses org.apache packages and. Maven coordinates (which FreeMarker 2 can't do. We have received a bigger contribution from Kenshoo, the source code. of an online template evaluator service, which we plan to use on our. home page, helping users to try and learn the template language. We have released a new micro version (2017-03-25, 2.3.26), focuses. on fixes and smaller improvements. This is the third stable release. issued during the incubation. We have added a How-To page for committers. (http://freemarker.org/committer-howto.html), which gives detailed. instructions on making releases, handling pull requests, updating. the project home page, and more. We have worked some on our Twitter channel, such as we have a new. logo and some posts.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:. Comment: The project is mature and ready for graduation, unless the problem. with the number of active committers is considered as a blocker.Date of last release:. 2017-03-25.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2017-02-13 Woonsan Ko, committer (non-PMC.Signed-off-by:. (freemarker) Jacopo Cappellato. Comments:. (freemarker) Jean-Frederic Clere. Comments:. (freemarker) David E. Jones. Comments:. (freemarker) Ralph Goers. Comments:. (freemarker) Sergio Fernández. Comments:.