FreeMarker is a template engine, i.e. a generic tool to generate text output.based on templates. FreeMarker is implemented in Java as a class library for.programmers.FreeMarker has been incubating since 2015-07-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. We have a large user base but a rather small group of committers. This was actually expected, given the maturity (and topic) of the project. While the FreeMarker 3 branch, which was started 11 month ago, will be much. more appealing for contributors, development and growth due to that will. certainly take a long time. In other respects the project is mature and. ready for graduation. .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We are eager to graduate but we're afraid that the number of active. contributors will prevent that in the foreseeable future. But remaining in. the incubator for several years is a growing problem as well, so at this. point we will attempt graduation.How has the community developed since the last report?. We have two new PPMC members, Jacques Le Roux and Woonsan Ko.How has the project developed since the last report?. There was further discussion about graduation, and we will very soon have a graduation vote on. the podling list. We have done some preparations, like we have switched from freemarker.org. to freemarker.apache.org as our official domain, created the DOAP file, adjusted home page. content to align better with the recommendations. . We have also made a new release (2.3.27-incubating.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-11-03.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2017-11-13 Jacques Le Roux (PPMC 2017-11-09 Woonsan Ko (PPMC.Signed-off-by:. (freemarker) Jacopo Cappellato. Comments:. (freemarker) Jean-Frederic Clere. Comments:. (freemarker) David E. Jones. Comments:. (freemarker) Ralph Goers. Comments:. (freemarker) Sergio Fernández. Comments: I feel that the podling is ready for graduation.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.