Corinthia is a toolkit/application for converting between and editing common.office file formats, with an initial focus on word processing. It is.designed to cater for multiple classes of platforms - desktop, web, and.mobile - and relies heavily on web technologies such as HTML, CSS, and.JavaScript for representing and manipulating documents. The toolkit is.small, portable, and flexible, with minimal dependencies. The target.audience is developers wishing to include office viewing, conversion, and.editing functionality into their applications.Corinthia has been incubating since 2014-12-08.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Solve the community crisis and avoid a break. 2. . 3. .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. The community is experiencing a major breakdown. The mentors have accessed. the situation including several attempts to stop the breakdown without. success. IPMC have been informed with a suggestion which are being. considered. It is to be expected that several core developers will leave the project. in a very short term unless a solution is found.How has the community developed since the last report?. We are proud that we have managed to make our first release. .How has the project developed since the last report?. Added support for 32/64bit windows. Made the setup of a build environment a lot easier, a PPMC provide all. third party libraries prebuilt. A long discussion about licenses lead to major difficulties in deciding. whether and how to proceed with one of the project’s two main. components, an end-user editing app. As a result this development is. being redirected. . Our buildbot setup is slowly taking shape, this is important since it will. allow a nightly build as well as a nightly test. .Date of last release:. 2015-08-28 Release 0.1. .When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2015-06-12 Ian Cunningham. 2015-08-31 Gavin McDonald.Signed-off-by:. (corinthia) Daniel Gruno. (corinthia) Jan Iversen. (corinthia) Dave Fischer.