ARIA TOSCA project offers an easily consumable Software Development Kit(SDKand a Command Line Interface(CLI) to implement TOSCA(Topology and.Orchestration Specification of Cloud Applications) based solutions.AriaTosca has been incubating since 2016-08-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community and enroll new committers. 2. Rotate Release Managers for future releases. 3. .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.How has the community developed since the last report?. Seeing some contributions now from independent developers. . Active discussions on mailing lists with potential users and contributors.How has the project developed since the last report?. The project has had its first two releases in July 2017 - 0.1 and 0.1.1. Important new features have been added:. - Resumable workflows. - Scaling nodes during service creation. - AWS plugin support. - Additional work towards being more TOSCA-compliant (e.g. interface inputs support - Additional usage examples have been added, including ones that use IaaS plugins (Openstack, AWS), as well as one covering a real-life NFV use-case (Clearwater example - More comprehensive tests, including for documentation generation, and parallelization of test suites. - Standardized the release process with automatic shell scripts, allowing anyone to easily create additional releases for the project. - 64 JIRA issues have been resolved since the last report.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. July 17, 2017.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Project is still functioning with the initial set of committers.Signed-off-by:. (ariatosca) Suneel Marthi. Comments:. (ariatosca) John D. Ament. Comments: The project has started to see more community interest. Need to figure out how to drive development more on list to get more outside contributions. (ariatosca) Jakob Homan. Comments:.