ARIA TOSCA project offers an easily consumable Software Development Kit(SDKand a Command Line Interface(CLI) to implement TOSCA(Topology and.Orchestration Specification of Cloud Applications) based solutions.AriaTosca has been incubating since 2016-08-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community and enroll new committers. 2. Have frequent Release cycles to be compliant with the Apache Way. 3. Grow the project’s contributions from existing contributors.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. The project is ready for its third release as far as the code is concerned. Considerable functionality has been added since the last release in addition to a growth in diversity of contributions.How has the community developed since the last report?. All project communication takes now place on either the mailing list or ASF's Slack, and is open for everybody. We have worked hard to make this the normal operating mode of the community. There have been some hiccups, but in general the majority of discourse has taken place on the list. Slack has been used as a secondary method. Increased chatter on the mailing list including new subscribers who ask questions, make suggestions and are likely to become contributors themselves in the near future. Weekly grooming meetings are now attended by the majority of the community. This is not only a forum to review the weekly work items list, but also as a place for open discussion about issues, questions as well as for the community to get to better know each other. Over the last 3 months we have seen an over %50 increase in contributors and the existing group of committers voted to elect a new Committer to the project.How has the project developed since the last report?. - ARIA now has a robust parser testing framework (ARIA-1 - Huge performance improvement (ARIA-1 - Significant website and documentation improvements for usability and to enhance new user Usability in terms of “getting started” instructions. - Clearwater IMS Example. - Package names fixed/made consistent. - Configuration loading mechanism. - Removed support for Python 2.6. - 42 JIRA issues have been resolved since the last report. - Moved project to gitbox.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-07-13 0.1.1.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Tom Nadeau was added to the PMC/committers on 2017-11-28.Signed-off-by:. (ariatosca) Suneel Marthi. Comments:. (ariatosca) John D. Ament. Comments: Activity on list is picking up over the slack conversations. A community member is planning to write a report, however it indicates a corporate hierarchy issue within the project that needs to get solved. In addition, the podling needs to figure out how to operate more on list (without grooming meetings) and do things more asynchronously. (ariatosca) Jakob Homan. Comments:.#---.Crail.Crail is a storage platform for sharing performance critical.data in distributed data processing jobs at very high speed.Crail has been incubating since 2017-11-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Finish project setup. 2. Community building. 3. Create a first release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. N/A.How has the project developed since the last report?. This is the first report. Apache ICLA signed by all contributors from IBM Zurich Research. Software Grant and Corporate Contributor License Agreement. signed by IBM ZUrich Research representative. Infrastructure setup underway (missing JIRA due to. infrastructure issues Available Crail code to be transferred soon.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. N/A.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2017-11-01 (entering incubation.Signed-off-by:. (crail) Julian Hyde. Comments:. Project is still boot-strapping. No activity on dev. list yet (except for preparation of this report. (crail) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (crail) Raphael Bircher. Comments:.