ARIA TOSCA project offers an easily consumable Software Development Kit(SDKand a Command Line Interface(CLI) to implement TOSCA(Topology and.Orchestration Specification of Cloud Applications) based solutions.AriaTosca has been incubating since 2016-08-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community and enroll new committers. 2. Have (more) frequent Release cycles to be compliant with the Apache Way. 3. Grow the project’s contributions from existing community of contributors.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.1. The project issued its third release (0.2.0) as far as the code is. concerned. Some considerable functionality has been added since the last. release in addition to a growth in diversity of contributions.How has the community developed since the last report?. All project communication now takes place on either the mailing list or. ASF's Slack, and is open for everybody. We have worked hard to make this. the normal operating mode of the community. There have been some hiccups,. but in general the majority of discourse has taken place on the list. Increased chatter on the mailing list including new subscribers who ask. questions, make suggestions and are likely to become contributors. themselves in the near future. Weekly grooming meetings are now attended by the majority of the community. This is not only a forum to review the weekly work items list, but also as a. place for open discussion about issues, questions as well as for the. community to get to better know each other.How has the community developed since the last report?.Over the last 3 months we have seen a significant increase in contributions as.well as a few new contributors, particularly from the Ericsson contingent.How has the project developed since the last report?.ARIA now has two new patches considerably extend the parser's.plugin/extensions.Website and documentation improvements for usability and to enhance new user.Usability in terms of “getting started” instructions.9 JIRA issues have been resolved since the last report. Note that the.repository was locked for several weeks during this period due to release.process issues and learning curve.We will be doing another release during this quarter.The community has begun to undertake updating AriaTosca to support the Tosca.1.1 Simple YAML profile.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. The 0.2.0 release was issued on January 16, 2018. The .3 release is planned. for this quarter.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Tom Nadeau was added to the PMC/committers on 11/28/2017.Signed-off-by:. (ariatosca) Suneel Marthi. Comments: Podling needs to focus on growing the community and a more frequent release cadence. (ariatosca) John D. Ament. Comments: It's a small group. On list communication is still a struggle. (ariatosca) Jakob Homan. Comments: Small but growing slowly and heading in the right direction.