ARIA TOSCA project offers an easily consumable Software Development.Kit(SDK) and a Command Line Interface(CLI) to implement TOSCA(Topology.and Orchestration Specification of Cloud Applications) based solutions. .AriaTosca has been incubating since 2016-08-27. . .Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. . 1. Grow the community and enroll new committers. 2. Have frequent Release cycles to be compliant with the Apache Way. 3. Publish "How To Contribute" guide at ARIA-TOSCA Website. 4. Update ARIA website acording to ASF guideline(Include release process. for ARIA-TOSCA Project .Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. There's an INFRA jira we created over a month ago which has yet to be. addressed - please see here INFRA-12733 - Ability to create a Sprint. Board for AriaTosca WAITING FOR USER. It is not entirely critical for the project's progress, but it could. be helpful if we indeed get a sprint board and the other things. requested in that issue. Update: the ticket is now in progress. .How has the community developed since the last report?. Open-O is in process for consuming the ARIA ASF package. Cloudfiy is in process for consuming the ARIA ASF package as well. . Need to work on building the community and accepting external. contributions. .How has the project developed since the last report?. TOSCA parser migrated into ASF. CI on Appveyor, Jenkins. Sphinx documentation added to the project. CLIs of workflow engine and parser coalesced. TOSCA CSAR packager added. APIs for workflows, operations. Workflow engine task retry support. Workflow engine execution cancel support.Date of last release:. No Releases yet. .When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. . Project is still functioning with the initial set of committers.Signed-off-by:. (ariatosca) Suneel Marthi. (ariatosca) John D. Ament. (ariatosca) Jakob Homan.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. John D. Ament:. . The podling is still getting its feet wet. Discussions are starting. to happen on the mailing lists rather than in physical offices which. is good and will help to bring about a more diverse community. I. would also strongly encourage the podling to work with their mentors. to get infra changes in to avoid confusion.