ARIA TOSCA project offers an easily consumable Software Development Kit(SDKand a Command Line Interface(CLI) to implement TOSCA(Topology and.Orchestration Specification of Cloud Applications) based solutions.AriaTosca has been incubating since 2016-08-27.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community and enroll new committers. 2. Have frequent Release cycles to be compliant with the Apache Way. 3. Update ARIA website according to ASF guideline(Include release process. for ARIA-TOSCA Project. 4. Publish "How To Contribute" guide at ARIA-TOSCA Website.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Most of the project discussions are now happening on mailing lists. .How has the project developed since the last report?. TOSCA parser migrated into ASF. CI on Appveyor, Jenkins. Sphinx documentation added to the project. CLIs of workflow engine and parser coalesced. TOSCA CSAR packager added. APIs for workflows, operations. Workflow engine task retry support. Workflow engine execution cancel support.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. No release yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Project is still operating with the initial set of committers.Signed-off-by:. (ariatosca) Suneel Marthi. Comments:. . Podling activity has been consistent and discussions are now happening. on the mailing lists. (ariatosca) John D. Ament. Comments:. . Podling activity peaks and dives. Would like to see more on-list. chatter. (ariatosca) Jakob Homan. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Drew Farris (shepherd): 2 mentors active on mailing lists, evidence of healthy. development activity. Consider a separate jira/commits list to encourage. discussion among humans on the dev list. .