Dubbo is a high-performance, lightweight, java based RPC framework.Dubbo has been incubating since 2018-02-16.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. First ASF release. 2. IP clearance. 3. Community building.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1 student application has been formally accepted by GSoC (Raghu on.Protocol Buffer integration A complete list of contributors who is signed or not signed.ASF/Alibaba CLA has been summarized. Spring Cloud Sleuth (a distributed tracing solution for Spring.Cloud) now officially supports Dubbo. Ian Luo(Dubbo PPMC) has delivered a talk about Dubbo’s present and.future at QCon Beijing 2018. The community has decided to move Github notifications to notifications@ list. The community has discussed and decided release schedule on the mailing list. 13 new companies reported their using of Dubbo since last report.How has the project developed since the last report?. Received feature donation about circuit breaker from Hangzhou 2Dfire.Technology Co., Ltd. Received documentation donation about dubbox features from Dangdang. 53 Active Pull Requests, 38 pull request merged, with 20 contributors involved. 179 Active Issues, 111 issues closed. Preparing for the first release.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. None.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. None.Signed-off-by:. (dubbo) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (dubbo) Jean-Frederic Clere. Comments:. (dubbo) Mark Thomas. Comments: Activity levels remain very high. I am struggling to follow day. to day activity. notifications@ has helped a little. The particular. challenges for me are:. - no threading of github issue / pr mail makes it hard to follow. individual issues. - users having different ASF and GitHub user names makes to hard to. follow who is a committer and who is not.