Dubbo is a high-performance, lightweight, java based RPC framework.Dubbo has been incubating since 2018-02-16.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. First release. 2. Community building. 3. Change group id to org.apache.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Complete All ICLA collection for all the contributors which are. necessary to have. The first Apache release 2.6.2 has passed the incubator community vote. zonghaishang(yiji) has been voted as new committer. Ian Luo/Jun Liu's talk about. "Introducing Apache Dubbo(Incubating): What is Dubbo and How it Works". has been accepted by ApacheCon NA. The first Dubbo meetup has been held in Beijing, with over 400+. people attended. 10 new companies reported their using of Dubbo since last report.How has the project developed since the last report?. 2.6.2 is ready to release. The community has decided to a new major version 2.7.x to. incorporate incompatible changes. 57 Active Pull Requests, 49 pull request merged, with 21. contributors involved. 180 Active Issues, 127 issues closed. Github star 19286, fork 13491.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. None. (2.6.2 has passed incubator community release vote and is. expected to be released within several days.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2018-06-01.Signed-off-by:. (dubbo) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (dubbo) Jean-Frederic Clere. Comments:. (dubbo) Mark Thomas. Comments: Good work on the first release. dev@ list traffic is a lot easier to follow. now notifications have moved to a separate. list. I'm still struggling with the volume of. notifications. It is getting easier as I. become more familiar with the project but I do. worry that newcomers to the project will find. it difficult to follow.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.