PLC4X is a set of libraries for communicating with industrial programmable logic controllers (PLCs) using a variety of protocols but with a shared API.PLC4X has been incubating since 2017-12-18.Most important issues to address while moving towards graduation:. Building the community: The PPMC and committer group has a large percentage of codecentric employees, we have been recruiting people from other companies, but will have to continue these efforts for establishing a healthy Apache community. Onboarding of new committers: With PLC4X several people on the team are not very familiar with the Apache Way. We have started and will continue our efforts on this onboarding. Podling name search: We have invested a lot of time on the name search prior to starting to work on the project, but we still need the official OK that we’re allowed to keep the Name of Apache PLC4X. Make our first release.Any Issues the Incubator PMC or ASF Board might wish/need to be aware of:. In order to get access to some of the specifications the ASF will eventually have to become Members of some external foundations: OPC, EtherCat, Modbus … these memberships usually have a free level, that allows us to use the specifications but doesn’t result in any regular costs. We will have to discuss these details with the ASF and the other foundations. One of the external foundations (Profinet) doesn’t have a free membership. In general, the CEO of the European branch of the Profinet Foundation has signaled that it should be possible for the ASF to become a member and have an outside company pay the membership fees, but we have to discuss the details (With them as well as the ASF.How has the community developed since the last report?. We have been accepted into the Apache Incubator just a week before Christmas, we are still in the process of setting up. Prior to joining the Apache Incubator however, we have managed to recruit people from other Apache projects and are working on getting other people familiar with the protocols and the industry involved. After the Christmas break we are planning on contacting a big group of people that have claimed to be wanting to be involved (A list of about 20 Companies, but we can’t tell how many will be using and how many would also be willing to contribute We have started the onboarding of new committers and will be continuing to do this (extended emails with a lot of explanations on why we are doing things the way we are Project has bootstrapped quickly and we have mailing lists, website, JIRA etc. all set up and running. Testing coverage has been improved over the initial code base.How has the project developed since the last report?. There was no last report.How does the podling rate their own maturity?. We have a mix of new participants and experienced Apache people involved. So far, the new participants have shown great willingness and success in adopting the Apache Way. However, we still need to continue:. the on-boarding. increasing the diversity of the team. Also, will we need to decide and establish all the processes involved in releasing software at Apache.Date of last release:. N/A.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. N/A.Signed-off-by:. (plc4x) Greg Trasuk. Comments:. (plc4x) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (plc4x) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (plc4x) Stefan Bodewig. Comments:.