PLC4X is a set of libraries for communicating with industrial programmable.logic controllers (PLCs) using a variety of protocols but with a shared API.PLC4X has been incubating since 2017-12-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Building the community: The PPMC and committer group has a large percentage of .codecentric employees, we have been recruiting people from other companies, but .will have to continue these efforts for establishing a healthy Apache community.Onboarding of new committers: With PLC4X several people on the team are not .very familiar with the Apache Way. We have started and will continue our .efforts on this onboarding. 2. Making our first release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.In order to get access to some of the specifications the ASF will eventually .have to become Members of some external foundations: OPC, EtherCat, Modbus … .these memberships usually have a free level, that allows us to use the .specifications but doesn’t result in any regular costs. We will have to discuss .these details with the ASF and the other foundations.One of the external foundations (Profinet) doesn’t have a free membership. In .general, the CEO of the European branch of the Profinet Foundation has signaled .that it should be possible for the ASF to become a member and have an outside .company pay the membership fees, but we have to discuss the details (With them .as well as the ASF.How has the community developed since the last report?.We have finished the process of getting setup at Apache.The Podling Name Search has been resolved successfully .(https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/PODLINGNAMESEARCH-136.In of January a list of about 40 different companies, which have indicated .interest in PLC4X in personal discussions have been directly contacted .regarding our project, some have subscribed to our mailing lists.A small number of new people have been popping up on our mailing lists.On 23rd of January Christofer Dutz had a talk PLC4X at the Nortec 2018 .conference in Hamburg (Production industry conference) .(https://www.nortec-hamburg.de/.We have continuing our onboarding of new Apache committers (extended emails .with a lot of explanations on why we are doing things the way we areTesting coverage has been improved over the initial code base.With Beckhoff, we managed to get a first major PLC vendor to support us with .software as well as technical support. We hope on this having a signal-effect .on other vendors.How has the project developed since the last report?.Test coverage and SonarQube reported issues have been addressed hereby greatly .increasing the quality of the initial POC code.A lot of code and architecture reviews have been done which lead to great .improvements in the API itself.We have started work on a RawSocket Netty transport which is a requirement to .implement protocols that are IP based, but are not TCP or UDP.We have started work on implementing a driver for the Beckhoff ADS protocol.(Beckhoff has been very helpful with providing Specs and Support for setting.up a test environment.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. None yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. None elected beyond initial committers.Signed-off-by:. (plc4x) Greg Trasuk. Comments:. (plc4x) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (plc4x) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (plc4x) Stefan Bodewig. Comments:.