PLC4X is a set of libraries for communicating with industrial programmable.logic controllers (PLCs) using a variety of protocols but with a shared API.PLC4X has been incubating since 2017-12-18.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Building the community: The PPMC and committer group has a large . percentage of codecentric employees, we have been recruiting people from . other companies, but will have to continue these efforts for establishing . a healthy Apache community. 2. With PLC4X several people on the team are not very familiar with the . Apache Way. We have started and will continue our efforts on this . onboarding. 3. Make others in the PPMC able to perform releases.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Not at the moment.How has the community developed since the last report?. We have managed to get some more people to contribute. While we are still . waiting for the initial contribution (OPC-UA Server) of one person to be . submitted, we were just able to successfully integrate another first code . contribution into our build which seeds the C++ API module (Thanks to . Markus Sommer for this. Github notes the number of contributors has gone up to 12 … so I think . we’re looking good as we are continuously getting more people on board, . hopefully soon also into committership and PPMC involvement. In the last quarter of 2018 Christofer Dutz had several public talks on . PLC4X:. 09.10.2018: “Between the towers” Meetup, Frankfurt. 24.10.2018: “Oss Summit Europe” Conference, Edinburgh. 13.11.2018: “3. Fachkonferenz - Big data in der Industire“ Conference, . Berlin. 15.11.2018: „RheinJUG“ Meetup, Düsseldorf. 06.12.2018: „IoTHessen“ Meetup, Frankfurt. From 22.11.2018-26.11.2018 we had our second official community event: . This time we meet at the codecentric finca on Mallorca for 4 days of. hacking, coding, discussions and community building. All in all 3 PPMC members participated and one new person. On 03.12.2018 we successfully released: Version 0.2.0 (RC1) and we’re . currently working on enabling new release-managers for the next release. Our mailing list subscriptions went up another 4 to currently 42 . subscribers. Our Twitter followers increased by 57 (almost doubled) to 116 followers . (Mainly as a direct result of @Java tweeting about us. On GitHub we now have 42 “Stars” (increase of 18) and 20 “Forks” . (increase of 6. We have successfully performed two major POCs with customers from the . industry (Companies in the pharmaceutical and automotive sectors) and the . results where overwhelming. We are expecting to see more adoption in 2019. Also are we trying to . convince companies to allow us to officially talk about what we did in . order to spread the word. Also have we had first paid contracts where the companies were paying . members of the project to implement some general purpose features that . were missing as well as bug fixing and allowing those results to become. part of the open-source project (Which I think is pretty surprising as. the concept of Open-Source is quite new to these companies. How would you assess the podling's maturity?. We have a mix of new participants and experienced Apache people involved. So far, the new participants have shown great willingness and success in . adopting the Apache Way. However, we still need to continue: the on-boarding increasing the . diversity of the team. Also we are currently trying to enable other team members to take over . vital roles (Like being a release manager) so we no longer have areas . with personal singularities.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2018-12-03.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed.Signed-off-by:. (plc4x) Greg Trasuk. Comments:. (plc4x) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (plc4x) Stefan Bodewig. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.