PLC4X is a set of libraries for communicating with industrial programmable.logic controllers (PLCs) using a variety of protocols but with a shared API.PLC4X has been incubating since 2017-12-18.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:. 1.Vote on graduation on IPMC general list.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Not at the moment.How has the community developed since the last report?. Previously added PPMC/Committers have setup and the onboarding process. has been pretty successful. One new name has showed up on the list. demonstrating willingness to help with the website and documentation. Now in total 3 people have demonstrated the ability to perform releases. We are currently tying up some loose ends and preparing everything to. start the graduation vote in the next few weeks. All of this has been. consuming quite some time. We have had a meetup in Nürtingen on 15th of February which a great part. of the active PPMC and committers attended. Beyond that on 21th of . February. Christofer had a talk on PLC4X at EURegJug in Aachen, on 8th of March in. Solingen. Numbers:. - Releases:. - 0.3.0 RC2: 05.02.2019 (RM: Julian Feinauer - 0.3.1 RC1: 13.03.2019 (RM: Julian Feinauer, but Tim Mitsch actually . did it - Mailing-list Subscriptions: 43 (up by 1 - Twitter followers: 132 (up by 18 - GitHub stars: 52 (up by 10.How has the project developed since the last report?. Christofer is working hard on implementing a first POC for a tooling to. generate drivers from DFDL and SCXML specifications, which will greatly. simplify driver implementation as well as make it possible to generate. drivers for multiple target languages, such as C++. No new POCs have been performed this period however another company has. shifted to using PLC4X as main integration platform in their analytics. software. Also a consortium of 3 companies and the ISW from Stuttgart. University received a positive response to a project proposal that was. supported for the funding program "KMU Innovativ" at BMBF German ministry. of education and research. PLC4X will play an important role in the . project for communication with industrial controllers and will be. integrated by the industrial partner pragmatic minds GmbH which is. represented in the (P)PMC by Julian Feinauer.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 2019-03-13 0.3.1 RC1.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2019-02-04 Tim Mitsch (PPMC and committer.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. They have been very helpful. Especially regarding questions about. graduating, Justin has been particularly helpful in pointing out. some missing things.Signed-off-by:. (plc4x) Greg Trasuk. Comments:. (plc4x) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (plc4x) Stefan Bodewig. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.