PLC4X is a set of libraries for communicating with industrial programmable.logic controllers (PLCs) using a variety of protocols but with a shared API.Most important issues to address while moving towards graduation:. Building the community: The PPMC and committer group has a large. percentage of codecentric employees, we have been recruiting people. from other companies, but will have to continue these efforts for. establishing a healthy Apache community. Onboarding of new committers: With PLC4X several people on the team are. not very familiar with the Apache Way. We have started and will continue. our efforts on this onboarding.Any Issues the Incubator PMC or ASF Board might wish/need to be aware of:. Not at the moment.How has the community developed since the last report?. While the community activity had been quite low since the beginning of. the project, things changed in August. Then we noticed not only new names appearing on the list, but the number. of emails on the list grew by 400%-500%. Also did we get several pull requests from about 5 new names,. contributing to multiple areas. Two of them got added to the Committers and PPMC groups. The others were one-shot contributions without any further communications.In September Christofer Dutz had two talks on PLC4X at two conferences:. Solutions Hamburg 2018. ApacheCon NA 2018. An article on PLC4X by Christofer Dutz was published in the German Tech. Magazine: iX. (Link to the article:.https://www.heise.de/select/ix/2018/8/1533352444905693. Also, just before ApacheCon we also had our first PLC4X Meetup where. several current contributors as well as very interested new people were. present. Also did we successfully vote in our first two new committers and PPMC. members. Julian Feinauer (pragmatic industries Andrey Skorikov (codecentric. Finally just before finishing this report we also finished our first. release:. Version 0.1.0. Our mailing list subscriptions went up another 9 to currently 38. subscribers. Our Twitter followers increased by 18 to 59 followers. On GitHub we now have 24 “Stars” and 14 “Forks”. Business interest has increased dramatically as more and more companies. are signalling their willingness to try out PLC4X and some are currently. even in the transition phase of porting their products to PLC4X.How does the podling rate their own maturity?. We have a mix of new participants and experienced Apache people involved. So far, the new participants have shown great willingness and success in. adopting the Apache Way. However, we still need to continue: the on-boarding increasing the. diversity of the team. After our first official release, we will now fine-tune this release. process and try to educate other people on the team to also be able to do. releases.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Yes. All of our mentors have been responsive and have helped.Signed-off-by:. (plc4x) Greg Trasuk. Comments:. (plc4x) Justin Mclean. Comments:. (plc4x) Stefan Bodewig. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.