Druid is a high-performance, column-oriented, distributed data store.Druid has been incubating since 2018-02-28.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Migrate existing contributors and users to apache mailing lists. 2. Move the source code and website to apache infrastructure. 3. Plan and execute our first Apache release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. The team is working on the items on the Incubation Checklist. We’re working on moving the existing mailing lists, source code, github. issues and website to Apache Infrastructure. In order to keep the project momentum up until the migration is complete we. are continuing the development on existing druid repository. We are considering doing the 0.12.0 release before migrating source code to. apache, since the IPMC has already voted for it and migrating infra to. apache might take a while, and we don't want to block 0.12.0 on this. migration.How has the community developed since the last report?. This is our first board report. Current Status of our Github contributors (212), forks (1,516), watchers. (524) and stars (6,157.How has the project developed since the last report?. Creation of Domain name for Druid - DONE. Creation of Mailing lists - DONE. A healthy, constant flow of bug fixes, quality improvements and new. Features are still ongoing on https://github.com/druid-io/druid.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.@Mentors Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. No official release yet since being voted into Apache Incubation. . (Planning for the first Apache release in Q2, 2018.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Project is still functioning with the initial set of committers.Signed-off-by:. (druid) Julian Hyde . Comments:. Druid has only been in the incubator for a week, but. the PPMC have already checked off quite a few of the. initial tasks. This momentum is encouraging. (druid) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments: Druid is off to a good start. They were not . required to report this soon, but voluntarily did so. (druid) Jun Rao. Comments:. Good start for Druid.