Druid is a high-performance, column-oriented, distributed data store.Druid has been incubating since 2018-02-28.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Complete more Apache releases. 2. Move the website to Apache infrastructure. 3. Continue to grow the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. - We see growth in the number of downloads for Druid, with a ~11% . compound weekly rate since the last podling report. - We see a good rate of new PRs opened (between 10-30 opened weekly) . since the last report. - The project has been receiving ~25 Github stars added per week since . the last report. - The next Druid meetup has been scheduled for April 2, 2019.How has the project developed since the last report?. - Since the last report, we have had a total of 151 commits from 23 . contributors. - We have released 0.13.0-incubating, our first incubator release. - We have code frozen the branch for our second release, . 0.14.0-incubating, and we are currently preparing the release candidate. - We have updated our LICENSE and NOTICE files which were issues in our . first release. - We are continuing to work on moving the project pages from druid.io to . druid.apache.org.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. - Druid 0.13.0-incubating was released on Dec 12, 2018.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. The Druid PPMC elected 10 new committers to the project on November 20,. 2018.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. They have been very helpful.Signed-off-by:. (druid) Julian Hyde. Comments: Druid are indeed close to graduation. We should start. discussion on the dev list about what is left to do. (druid) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments:. (druid) Jun Rao. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.