Druid is a high-performance, column-oriented, distributed data store.Druid has been incubating since 2018-02-28.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Complete SGA for current sources and ICLAs for current committers. 2. Move the source code and website to Apache infrastructure. 3. Plan and execute our first Apache release.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.- None.How has the community developed since the last report?.- We have disabled posting on our pre-Apache development list.- We have updated our pre-Apache community page (http://druid.io/community/) to. include information about incubation.- We have set up a placeholder site on https://druid.apache.org/.- A healthy, constant flow of bug fixes, quality improvements and new features. are still ongoing on https://github.com/druid-io/druid.How has the project developed since the last report?.- Since the last report there have been 69 commits from 23 individuals.- We have conducted a vote to put out a release candidate 0.12.1-rc1. This. release candidate is being done outside the Incubator. We also anticipate the. 0.12.1 release to be done outside the Incubator.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:.- Druid 0.12.0 on 2018-03-06 (non-Apache release- No official Apache release yet since beginning Apache Incubation.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.- Project is still functioning with the initial set of committers.Signed-off-by:. (druid) Julian Hyde. Comments: The "Initial setup" status is accurate because the SGA has. not been completed yet. This is frustrating to all. Code is in github. rather than ASF git, and Apache releases are not possible. Druid is functioning according to the Apache Way as much as they. can, given these limitations. Druid has made its 2nd non-ASF patch release, with permission. (druid) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments: SGA finally received. Hopefully druid will be able to do an Apache. release soon. (druid) Jun Rao. Comments:.