Druid is a high-performance, column-oriented, distributed data store.Druid has been incubating since 2018-02-28.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Complete first Apache release (currently in voting phase of 0.13.0-rc4 2. Move the website to Apache infrastructure. 3. Continue to grow the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. The Druid community has invited 10 active members from 7 different . organizations to participate as new committers. All 10 invitees have . accepted the invitation.How has the project developed since the last report?. - Since the last report, we have had a total of 195 commits from 42 . contributors. - We have released 0.12.3, a non-incubator bugfix release. - We have code frozen a 0.13.0 branch and are currently voting on final . release artifacts. - We have started work on moving the project pages from druid.io to . druid.apache.org.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. - Druid 0.12.3 (non-Apache) was released on 2018-09-18. - Druid 0.13.0-incubating has been proposed and is currently in the . voting phase.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. The Druid PPMC elected 10 new committers to the project on November 20, . 2018.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. They have been very helpful.Signed-off-by:. (druid) Julian Hyde. Comments: It's taken a few iterations, but the first release looks like. it's just about to pass the vote. This was their biggest hurdle. They. mastered Apache governance a long while ago, and have built . community. I'm not concerned about the weekly sync up meetings as long as they. continue to send out minutes and make decisions on the dev list. After one more release this project should consider graduation. (druid) P. Taylor Goetz. Comments: I agree with Julian. Though would recommend (but not demand three releases prior to graduation. (druid) Jun Rao. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Dave Fisher: I'm somewhat concerned that the podling uses weekly sync . up meetings. I am happy to see that Julian is gently steering them to use dev@ . for decisions. They have made non-Apache releases, but are now on rc4 of an . Apache release.