2011-January Tashi Incubator Status Report.Tashi has been incubating since September 2008.The Tashi project aims to build a software infrastructure for cloud computing .on massive internet-scale datasets (what we call Big Data The idea is to .build a cluster management system that enables the Big Data that are stored in .a cluster/data center to be accessed, shared, manipulated, and computed on by .remote users in a convenient, efficient, and safe manner.Tashi has previously encompassed just the tools to manage virtual.machines using Xen and KVM, but is gaining the facility to hand out.physical machines as well.Development activities have included:-. fix for xen root declaration (necessary if using external kernel parameterize xen root disk declaration. implement Miha Stopar's fix to improve handoff during migration. implement Miha Stopar and Andrew Edmond's patch to register and. unregister hosts, and improve locking of resources. allow use of virtio disks under qemu.Richard Gass has created a branch to work on the physical machine reservation.component (zoni-dev):-. allow physical machine registration. add integration with Apache web server for control. add facilities for DNS/DHCP registration of physical resources. make changes to Zoni DB layout (convert some tables to InnoDB add initial infrastructure hardware (switch and PDU demonstrate initial VM usage reports (shame-tashi add logging to infrastructure hardware controllers. add abstraction layer for hardware controllers. add debug console to zoni. add DNS/DHCP key creation functions. add physical to virtual cluster manager service. add primitive agent to keep minimal amount of machines powered. on and scale up from there. allow zoni-cli to talk to hardware directly.The project is still working toward building a larger user and development .community. User groups have been identified in Ireland, Slovenia and Korea,.as well as at Georgia Tech. Several suggestions provided by users at those.sites have been implemented in the head.Items to be resolved before graduation:. Prepare and review a release candidate. Develop community diversity (currently Intel and CMU committers.Signed off by mentor:.