2011-April Tashi Incubator Status Report.Tashi has been incubating since September 2008.The Tashi project aims to build a software infrastructure for cloud computing.on massive internet-scale datasets (what we call Big Data The idea is to.build a cluster management system that enables the Big Data that are stored in.a cluster/data center to be accessed, shared, manipulated, and computed on by.remote users in a convenient, efficient, and safe manner.Tashi has previously encompassed just the tools to manage virtual.machines using Xen and KVM, but is gaining the facility to hand out.physical machines as well.Development activities have included:-. Importing bug fixes from CMU deployment. Don't display exceptions if failure is expected. Validate fields and clean invalid instance entries. Eliminating inconsistent state between node and cluster manager. Allow hosts to be soft powered off via ACPI. Refactor primitive scheduler to be less convoluted (ongoing Define a stable branch for tested code. Example support for dynamic scratch space disks. Enforce designated copy-on-write data filesystem for Qemu.The project is still working toward building a larger user and development.community. User groups have been identified in Ireland, Slovenia and Korea,.as well as at Georgia Tech. CMU usage is growing as other groups hear about.the availability of the resource. Intel has restructured its research.division and folded some operations into adjoining academic sites.Items to be resolved before graduation:. A stable branch exists which could be a release candidate, but. the codebase is large and test hardware is currently in. short supply. We are confident that the code in the stablefix. branch will work if running QEMU emulation, Pickle or sqlite. data storage, primitive scheduler. Xen, other data stores and. schedulers have not been tested recently. Scratch space integration would be desirable, accounting. integration is probably a necessity. Develop community diversity (Committers currently at Telefonica,. Google and CMU.Signed off by mentor:.