2011-October Tashi Incubator Status Report.Tashi has been incubating since September 2008.The Tashi project aims to build a software infrastructure for cloud computing.on massive internet-scale datasets (what we call Big Data The idea is to.build a cluster management system that enables the Big Data that are stored in.a cluster/data center to be accessed, shared, manipulated, and computed on by.remote users in a convenient, efficient, and safe manner.Tashi has previously encompassed just the tools to manage virtual.machines using Xen and KVM, but is gaining the facility to hand out.physical machines as well.Development activities have included:-. Zoni has been merged into the mainline code trunk. Additional capability added to Zoni. Implement hint to influence scheduler packing policy. Reject incorrect arguments to tashi-client to prevent. unintended defaults from being used. Migrated to rpyc version 3.1. Add "free capacity" info function to Tashi. Support for auto creation of zoni tftp boot menus. Fixed deadlocks in clustermanager. Rewrite CM to concentrate decay handlers into one spot. Use Linux LVM for local scratch space creation. VMM is now authoritative to what is running. Retry deploying held VMs at a later time.The project is still working toward building a larger user and development.community. User groups have been identified in Ireland, Slovenia and Korea,.Malaysia, as well as at Georgia Tech.Items to be resolved before graduation:. A stable branch exists which could be a release candidate, but. the codebase is large and test hardware is currently in. short supply. We are confident that the code in the stablefix. branch will work if running QEMU emulation, Pickle or sqlite. data storage, primitive scheduler. Xen, other data stores and. schedulers have not been tested recently. Should have example accounting code (data is kept, but. intepretation is currently manual Develop community diversity (Committers currently at Telefonica,. Google and CMUSigned off by mentor:.