Major new developments in Roller 30. Working in the roller_3.0 branch, Allen Gilliland and Dave Johnson have been making extensive changes to Roller's blog/page rendering system. Roller 3.0's new features are:.Completely new URL structure, with redirection for old URLs.Completely rewritten/refactored page/feed rendering system.View renders are pluggable.Made progress towards static rendering.All new set of page models and macros.Multi-language blog support, based on new URL structure.Front-page of Roller is now a blog with optional site-wide features:.Planet page model and planet display macros.Site-wide model supports listing of new users, new weblogs, hot weblogs and other community oriented queries.Macros for diplaying A-Z user and weblog directories.Licensing issues may be behind us. Dave Johnson worked to satisfiy ASF licencing and packaging requirements and as a result of this work, we made our first Roller release (2.3) on ASF infrastructure:.Licence headers in every file.Changed to org.apache package names for all Java code.Removed all LGPL code from release (Hibernate, JSPWiki, Jazzy, etc.Created a Roller Support project on Java.Net for non-ASF Roller goodies such as LGPL/GPL licensed themes, plugins and other downloads.New APP draft #9 support. The IETF released Atom Publishing Protocol (APP) draft #9 and Dave Johnson updated Roller's APP implementation to support this new draft. APP is an "experimental" feature in Roller and is turned off by default.Movement on replace-Hibernate front. Craig Russell has put together some proposals for implementing both JPA and JDO backends for Roller so that we can eventually replace our dependency on Hibernate. We nominated him for committer status to make it easier for him to contribute, but the voting process is still dragging on.Multi-side patch contribution A Norwegian company LinPro has submitted a large patch for mutli-site blogging. It looks like a very interesting and valuable new feature but thus far nobody has had time to evaluate the code.Community building efforts. Dave Johnson presented a talk on Roller at ApacheCon EU 2006, designed to inspire and educate new users, developers and contributors. The talk was well attended. Dave will present a similar talk, but completely updated for Roller 3.0 at ApacheCon US 2006.