Lucene.Net was accepted into the Apache Incubator in February 2011.Originally it was a sub project of the Lucene Project.Lucene.Net is a port of the Lucene search engine library, written in C# and.targeted at .NET runtime users. Lucene.Net has three primary goals:. - Maintain the existing line-by-line port from Java to C#, fully automating. and commoditizing the process such that the project can easily synchronize. with the Java Lucene release schedule. - High-performance C# search engine library. - Maximize usability and power when used within the .NET runtime. To that. end, it will present a highly idiomatic, carefully tailored API that. takes advantage of many of the special features of the .NET runtime.Recent Activity:. - Voted to graduation (vote passed - we will now be sending our resolution. to the board.Current Activities:. Lucene 3.0.3 has taken longer to get out the door than expected -. originally planned for June. We are still nearly ready to release,. but we have added a lot of functionality - compatibility with .NET 3.5. (which we removed for the 2.9.4 release CLS compliance for usage with. other .NET languages (like VB.NET We have also done a lot of cleanup. work on the code base. Working through the graduation process and all the entails.Long term goals:. Have a nearly fully automated process to convert Java Lucene to C#. (This has been a goal, but we are discussing if this is truly the best. idea of the project. MAY UPDATE: We have done some more investigative work on this, but not. much progress was made. AUGUST UPDATE: still unfortunately little progress has been made. Parity with Java Lucene (4.0 Planning for an interim 3.6 release before. the 4.0. Have a new .NET version of Lucene utilizing .NET constructs and idioms. Much progress was made on this (using properties vs GetXX/SetXX.Graduation thought:. We are submitting our resolution to the board, the vote has passed in. our Lucene.Net community as well as by the IPMC and incubator community.Signed-off-by: jukka.