Isis is an ALv2 licensed implementation of the Naked Objects pattern. It is.based on contributions of the original Naked Objects Framework along with.a number of sister projects that were developed for the book "Domain Driven.Design using Naked Objects " (pragprog 2009.Isis was accepted into the Incubator in 2010, September 7th.Project Development. - Work broadly completed on integrating with JDO/DataNucleus. (in favour of OpenJPA - Numerous Enhancements to Wicket viewer. - Internal refactoring to simplify codebase.Community Development. - Several further new correspondents on the mailing list. - Have had four individuals that have contributed patches this quarter. - this is a substantive increase from previous quarters. - maintaining a clone of the SVN codebase on github seems to have helped. - Project (which is part-funding JDO/Wicket development) continues. - expected to run until Dec 2012, with possible extension. - Publicising RestfulObjects spec (as implemented by Isis' RestfulObjects viewer - talk given at 1-day conf (DDD10), in Aug. - InfoQ article on Restful Objects published. - Talks on Isis and Restful Objects to be presented at J-Fall conf, in Oct. - Talk on Isis to be presented at ApacheCon EU, in Nov.Top 3 Issues to address in move towards graduation. - None; per previous report we want one new committer voted on prior. to graduating. - We currently have three candidates for being new committers. We just need to. do a successful vote for one of these (highly unlikely all three. votes would fail. - We should then be in a position to vote to graduate.We don't believe that any of these issues requires Board attention.New Releases. - None in this period. - intention is to release 0.3.1-incubating prior to next report.Signed-off-by: mnour, struberg, mfranklin.IPMC comments:. Matt Franklin (mfranklin):. Good report. Two questions/comments:. - Why not just propose the committers and see what the PPMC thinks?. Is there a reason for waiting?. - The incubator status page needs to be completed. It appears that more. has happened than the page reflects.