REEF (Retainable Evaluator Execution Framework) is a scale-out computing.fabric that eases the development of Big Data applications on top of.resource managers such as Apache YARN and Mesos.REEF has been incubating since 2014-08-12.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Increase contributors and add them as committers. 2. Make regular Apache releases. 3. Increase efforts to reach out to potential users and contributors.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.How has the community developed since the last report?. We have seen significant activity from the community. - 87 JIRA issues created. - 46 JIRA issues resolved. - 900+ emails on dev (including auto-generated messages We have received significant contributions from non-Committers. - Joo Seong Jeong and Josh Seol of Seoul National University have. contributed significantly to the website. We have proposed a talk at Hadoop Summit.How has the project developed since the last report?. The first release was made as 0.10.0-incubating. - Release date: Jan 15, 2015. - Vote: 3 +1 binding votes and 0 -1 votes. - 41 issues were closed/resolved for this release. Website added on Apache [REEF-4, http://reef.incubator.apache.org/]. Integrated with the Apache build servers [REEF-11]. Mesos runtime code has been added to the Apache repository [REEF-30]. .NET code has been added to the Apache repository [REEF-51]. Group communication code has been cleared by Microsoft to be added. to the Apache REEF code base [REEF-118].Date of last release:. Jan 15, 2015 (0.10.0-incubating.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. None yet.Signed-off-by:. (reef) Chris Douglas. (reef) Chris Mattmann. (reef) Ross Gardler. (reef) Owen O'Malley.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. P. Taylor Goetz (ptgoetz):. The podling seems to be doing well despite low mentor participation (0. out of 4 mentors active on dev@ list for this reporting period; 1 of 4. mentors participating in REEF's first release threads.