RocketMQ is a fast, low latency, reliable, scalable, distributed, easy to use.message-oriented middleware, especially for processing large amounts of.streaming data.RocketMQ has been incubating since 2016-11-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Make our first Apache release and vote in our first committer / PMC members COMPLETE. 2. Moving sub-projects from GitHub into the ASF. 3. Grow the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Increased mailing list activity: solutions and milestone plan are. discussed and decided in mailing list. More than 15+ new contributors from different organizations since. podling. Organized 1 hackathon in community, the attendees was more than 50+. The. mainly contributors have subscribe our dev mailing list and begin to be. familiar to Apache way. . Star has increased to 516 from 0 since move repository from alibaba to. apache. Voted upon and invited 2 new committers in PPMC since entering podling.How has the project developed since the last report?. The first release of RocketMQ as part of the Apache incubator on. 2017-2-22. Since November 111 issues+ have been reported on JIRA site and 50 have. been resolved or closed. The plus are all association with the future. release version. Since November 70+ pull requests have been created and. 44+ pull requests have been closed. The 3 guys review mechanism was to. be applied, we highly value the quality of the Apache project. Created Travis CI, Sonar and Coveralls, project infrastructure for. RocketMQ. Apply JIRA agile and kanban for RocketMQ committers. Created the website: http://rocketmq.incubator.apache.org and some. necessary document have been created such as user guide, developer. guide, faq, etc. There are more than 5+ Apache project integration are decided to be done. in the future release, such as ignite, storm etc.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup - The initial setup went pretty well with assistance. from John Ament and his Incubator documentation improvement efforts. Working towards first release - The podling has performed its first. release as noted below. Community building - Some contributors are beginning to participate. So far users have been slow to show up, so more effort on this front. will be encouraged. Nearing graduation - Making progress, not there yet. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-02-21.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 27 Feb 2017 - Roman Shtykh. 27 Feb 2017 - Zhen Dong Liu.Signed-off-by:. (rocketmq) Bruce Snyder. Comments:. (rocketmq) Brian McCallister. Comments:. (rocketmq) Willem Ning Jiang. Comments:. (rocketmq) Luke Han. Comments:. (rocketmq) Justin McLean. Comments:. . Missing from issues above is moving [1] to inside the project.1. https://github.com/rocketmq.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. Drew Farris (shepherd): 4 mentors active on the mailing lists. Congratulations. on the first incubator release. Healthy progress. .