RocketMQ is a fast, low latency, reliable, scalable, distributed, easy to use.message-oriented middleware, especially for processing large amounts of.streaming data.RocketMQ has been incubating since 2016-11-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Vote in our first PMC members. 2. Moving sub-projects from GitHub into the ASF. 3. Grow the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Increased mailing list activity: solutions and milestone plan are. discussed and decided in mailing list. Organized the second hackathon in community, The mainly purpose is to. foster users and contributors to use mail list to ask or discuss. problems. Star has increased from 516 to 854 since the latest report. Moving mature sub-projects into Apache repository, these projects. including RocketMQ-Console, RocketMQ-JMS,RocketMQ Docker and. RocketMQ-Spark PR. Contributors in this repository have over 15+. Polish RocketMQ various wikis, including example guide, architecture. guide, dev-ops guide etc. Up to now, RocketMQ community have finished the several external. integration projects, including RocketMQ-Flume, RocketMQ-Ignite,. RocketMQ-Storm, RocketMQ-Spark.How has the project developed since the last report?. Up to now, 140+ issues have been reported on JIRA site and 59 have been. resolved or closed. Since November 85+ pull requests have been created. and 56+ pull requests have been closed. Teams are sparing no effort in RocketMQ 4.1 development, which will. introduce a new client api. It covers messaging and streaming solutions. in the finance, e-commerce, Iot and big-data area. Received a batch message PR, that is a great enhance for RocketMQ. big-data area. Received a message filter PR, that is a new idea for RocketMQ filter. feature.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup - The initial setup went pretty well with assistance from. John Ament and his Incubator documentation improvement efforts. Working towards first release - The podling has performed its first. release as noted below. Community building - Some contributors are beginning to participate. So. far users have been slow to show up, so more effort on this front will. be encouraged. Nearing graduation - Making progress, not there yet. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-02-21.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Last elected committers as following:. 27 Feb 2017 - Roman Shtykh. 27 Feb 2017 - Zhen Dong Liu.Signed-off-by:. (rocketmq) Bruce Snyder. Comments:. (rocketmq) Brian McCallister. Comments:. (rocketmq) Willem Ning Jiang. Comments:. (rocketmq) Luke Han. Comments:. (rocketmq) Justin McLean. Comments:. There has been discussion on list re community building and activities. happening e.g. external hackathon but translating that into new. committers seems hard. I think part of this is process (new to Apache and the way we do things and perhaps PR review process / the committer bar has been set a little. too high. Perhaps the PMC should look at voting in people that contribute. to the project a little earlier?.