RocketMQ is a fast, low latency, reliable, scalable, distributed, easy to use.message-oriented middleware, especially for processing large amounts of.streaming data.RocketMQ has been incubating since 2016-11-21.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Grow the community. 2. Vote for new PMC member. 3. Near graduation.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.None.How has the community developed since the last report?. Increased mailing list activity: solutions and milestone plan are discussed and decided in dev mailing list. While more and more questions and asking for support for RocketMQ are occurred in user mailing list. Organized the meetup in community, register guys are more than 700, attending guys are more than 350+. we invite not only rocketmq committer, but also storm committer, rocketmq contributor from community to speak at the meetup. Star has increased from 854 to 1660+ since the latest report, and RocketMQ website average weekly PV are over 11000+. Community project RocketMQ-Jms, RocketMQ-Console and RocketMQ-Flume release 1.0.0 version. Some new projects are tending to release the first version, including RocketMQ-MySQL and RocketMQ-Spark. Contributors in this repository have over 20. Polish RocketMQ website 2 round, adding some example for new feature, version compatible explaination and many trivial update. Up to now, 80% of integration projects are from community, we have been encouraging and helping community contributions around the world.How has the project developed since the last report?. Up to now, 183+ issues have been reported on JIRA and 98 have been resolved or closed. Since Now, 128 pull requests have been created and 93 pull requests have been merged or closed. Teams are sparing no effort in next version 4.2.0 development, which will support TLS, Log4j2, and implements OpenMessaging Specification. Community released the second version, including many important features, such as batched message, message filtering based on SQL 92, log appender and so on.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup - The initial setup went pretty well with assistance from John Ament and his Incubator documentation improvement efforts. Working towards first release - The podling has performed its first release as noted below. Community building - Some contributors are beginning to participate. More users have been encouraged to resort to user mail list to asking for help or support, and more and more users are on the way. Nearing graduation - Making progress, not there yet. Other:.Date of last release:. 2017-06-02.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. Last elected committers as following:. 2017.7.2 - Jaskey. Last elected PMC member as following:. 2017.7.5 - dongeforever .Signed-off-by:. (rocketmq) Bruce Snyder. Comments:. (rocketmq) Brian McCallister. Comments:. (rocketmq) Willem Ning Jiang. Comments:. (rocketmq) Luke Han. Comments:. (rocketmq) Justin McLean. Comments:.