 OpenOffice entered incubation 2011-06-13.OpenOffice is an open-source, office-document productivity suite providing.six productivity applications based around the OpenDocument Format (ODF.OpenOffice is released on multiple platforms. Its localizations support.have supported 110 languages worldwide.Most Important Items To Address Toward Graduation. 1. Review of distributed articles to ensure compliance with ASF policy. 2. Given the size and scope of OpenOffice, continue work on "community. readiness" especially with regard to organization and communication style.We have started preliminary discussion concerning graduation as we would.like to propose graduation within the next month.Issues for IPMC or ASF Board Awareness. - Leaks from ooo-private to outside agencies. Possible leaks of information from the ooo-private email list are. being investigated. Our first objective is to first establish if and. how leaks occurred. Once full details are available we will be working. to address the issue directly. No action is currently required from. the board and an update will be provided, at the latest, in our next. report.Community Development/Outreach Progress. Since our last report we have voted in 13 new Committers/PPMC members. Since our last report, 2 committer/PPMC members have resigned. We have improved to act more as a self organized project to address. and solve project related topics (e.g. forum moderation. We were able to initiate transfer of SPI funds formerly earmarked for. OpenOffice.org to the ASF. However, due to changes in the ASF Fundraising. chair, this transfer has been postponed. Followup with ASF Fundraising is. needed to complete this transaction. These funds, as previously discussed,. will primarily be used for developer travel when needed. We accepted an offer from SourceForge to host our older 3.3 version and. provide client installs of latest release 3.4. This event was accomplished. after much discussion among members and consultation with mentors. Due to heightened interest, we are putting more resources (services,. volunteers) into translation efforts. We are more putting effort into addressing trademark and third-party. distributin requests. Ongoing emphasis as to how to accommodate and track. these requests is becoming an important concern. We are increasing our global reach by recruiting volunteers to help update. and maintain the large set of native language home pages . Established various social programming accounts for additional outreach:. Twitter, Google+, Facebook. Setup two additional native language mailing lists.Project Development Progress. Pootle services for the project were established and used. Translation. services will be ongoing as new contributors for this service join. We released Apache OpenOffice 3.4 on May 8, 2012. This release included:. - Six different client platform install versions in 15 languages. - Source tarballs in English. - Software development kit packaging for 5 platforms. - Language packs for 15 languages. Over 3 million downloads the first month. A summary of downloads for the installs can be found at:. http://sourceforge.net/projects/openofficeorg.mirror/files/stats/timeline. We are currently working on an alternate repository for category-B code. to comply with graduation requirements. An SGA was received from IBM for IBM Lotus Symphony. We are now preparing. to import IBM Symphony changes into the OpenOffice repository. This should. be complete by the time of the June board meeting. We are putting renewed effort into the "user experience". Apache OpenOffice. is an end-user product, the best quality product and best experience for. end users is one of our primary goals. Testing and implementation of old update service for OpenOffice has been. accomplished. This service is for older OpenOffice clients to identify. updates and, optionally, install an update if available. Community support forums remain popular with users but registration seems. to have stabilized. The ooo-users list also is quite active. As Apache. OpenOffice is a client product, we continue to investigate ways to direct. users to appropriate support venues. Spam issues with the support Forums (reported in March) has been completely. eradicated from community English forum with new counter measures (new. users moderation and new moderators. A new root admin (imacat) has been promoted and is now taking the job to. insure smooth running and consistency with infra requirements. The developer list, ooo-dev, now has 409 subscribers and is very active. with post averaging about 100 per day.Signed off by mentor: joes, rgardler.