OpenOffice entered incubation 2011-06-13.OpenOffice is an open-source, office-document productivity suite providing.six productivity applications based around the OpenDocument Format (ODF.OpenOffice is released on multiple platforms. Its localizations support.have supported 110 languages worldwide.Most Important Items To Address Toward Graduation. 1. We are discussing the makeup of the future PMC. This will be a slow. process as we digest input from our Mentors. We are separating our. discussion about who should be a PMC member from what makes an ideal. PMC member. The first will remain private for now and the second will. be renewed on ooo-dev. 2. We have begun discussing the Chair. 3. Continue our review of distributed articles to ensure compliance. with ASF policy. We are working to fulfill graduation requirements in the next quarter.Issues for IPMC or ASF Board Awareness. No new issues at this time. In regards to the ooo-private leak reported on our last report. The PPMC. is satisfied with the result. The Board is aware of the result as well. If this issue needs further discussion please ask on ooo-private.Community Development/Outreach Progress. There are now 110 committers with 72 of those on the PPMC. Relative to the. last report, that is an increase of 15 committers and a decrease of. 3 committers on the PPMC (following an audit to reconcile subscribers to. the ooo-private mailing list. We have improved to act more as a self organized project to address and. solve project related topics (e.g. forum moderation. We are putting more effort into addressing trademark and third-party. distribution requests. Ongoing emphasis as to how to accommodate and. track these requests is becoming an important concern. We are increasing our global reach by recruiting volunteers to help. update and maintain the large set of native language home pages. Because our product is client-centric, we have put additional focus on our. social networking accounts Google +, Facebook in collecting feedback. and ideas from our user base.Project Development Progress. We released Apache OpenOffice 3.4.1 on August 23, 2012. This was primarily. a maintenance release and included:. - Official Source tarballs in English. - Six different client platform convenience install versions in 19 languages. - Software development kit packaging for 5 platforms. - Language packs for 19 languages. - Fixes for 69 bugs and an important security fix. - Over 1.4M downloads the first week. A summary of downloads for the installs can be found at:. http://sourceforge.net/projects/openofficeorg.mirror/files/stats/timeline. The build artifacts in this last source release do not strictly follow. guidelines as some fallback downloads of dependencies do access svn.a.o. This has been fixed in trunk by eliminating the use of svn in all cases. Testing and implementation of old update service for OpenOffice has been. accomplished. This service is for older OpenOffice clients to identify. updates and, optionally, install an update if available. Older versions. of OpenOffice (3.1 and less) are problematic when we turned these on it. created a DDOS attack on www.apache.org which we regret. The IBM Symphony code (mentioned in the June report) was brought into svn. in mid-May. There was discussion on the ooo-dev list about how best to. use/integrate this contribution. After some discussion, the community was. most in favor of integrating Symphony aspects into the current AOO base. over a period of time, rather than the reverse. Community support forums remain popular with users but registration seems. to have stabilized. The ooo-users list also is quite active. As Apache. OpenOffice is a client product, we continue to investigate ways to direct. users to appropriate support venues. The developer list, ooo-dev, now has more than 440 subscribers and remains. very active.Signed-off-by: rgardler, jukka.