 OpenOffice entered incubation 2011-06-13.OpenOffice is an open-source, office-document productivity suite providing.six productivity applications based around the OpenDocument Format (ODF.OpenOffice is released on multiple platforms. Its localizations support.110 languages worldwide.Most Important To Address:. 1. Completion of the IP-review portions of the incubation checklist. 2. A Successful Podling Release. 3. Increase size and diversity of the active development community.Issues for IPMC or ASF Board Awareness. - None.Community Development Progress. - Since our last report we have voted in 3 new Committers. - We have improved to act more as a self organized project to address. and solve project related topics (eg. budget transfer from SPI, forum. moderation. - We accepted an offer from SourceForge to host our extension repository. (host, upgrade, improve) as interim solution. - With the start of QA and translation effort, additional volunteers have. now started becoming active in the project. - We continue to get trademark usage permission requests, including an. interesting one to use Apache OpenOffice as "stage dressing" in a. Hollywood motion picture.Project Development Progress. - We believe that all category-x copyleft code has been removed. Development focus has shifted to preparing our initial Polding Release. (release 3.4 - Buildbot now doing nightly Linux 64bit and Windows builds. Linux 32bit and MacOS is in-progress. - Work on a working translation process has started. We restore and backup. the old Pootle data, analyzed the data and the translation process. Work ongoing (very complex to understand the roundtrip - Started organized QA work (manual testing + automated testing - Provide weekly developer snapshots for Linux (32, 64 bit), Windows,. MacOS and partly Solaris (x86 - Added script to build source packages for releases. - Working on final pieces of infrastructure migration, including shut. down of legacy openoffice.org email forwarder. - Community support forums remain popular with users, hitting a new. concurrency record (296), but also seeing more spammers:. http://user.services.openoffice.org/en/forum/viewtopic.php?p=222874#p222874.Signed off by mentor: rgardler, joes.