HAWQ is an advanced enterprise SQL on Hadoop analytic engine built around a.robust and high-performance massively-parallel processing (MPP) SQL framework.evolved from Pivotal Greenplum Database.HAWQ has been incubating since 2015-09-04.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Produce our first Apache Release. 2. Finalize infrastructure Migration and ICLAs from committers. 3. Expand the community, increase dev list activity and adding new. committers/pmc members.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. We have only just started the incubation, everything seems to be starting. up, nothing urgent at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. This is our first report, after having been approved for incubation roughly. 2 wks ago. 1. Most of the core contributors have completed their ICLA's and have. established apache ids. 2. Several presentations and meetups at ApacheCon EU and Strata aimed at. growing interest in the project. 3. Formal announcements from Pivotal and press briefings related to the. move of the project into Apache aimed at growing awareness and interest. in the project. 4. Outreach to parties that have expressed interest previously in our open. source initiatives. 5. Still very much at the early stages of community development, we're just. starting to get rolling.How has the project developed since the last report?. This is our first report, after having been approved for incubation roughly. 2 wks ago. 1. Initial code drop has been provided to Apache. 2. Core infrastructure has been setup including: mailing lists, git, jira,. wiki, website. 3. 62 messages on our developer list, 3 messages on our user list. 4. 16 jiras filed, 10 open, 1 reopened, 4 resolved, 1 closed - 1 issue. unassigned. 5. 7 commits in total, including initial commit. 6. Most discussed items on the mailing list:. - addressing issues with getting jira configured to allow issues to be. assigned to users. - discussion of usage of alternate communication channels, e.g. chat. - discussion of RTC vs CTR models for dev process.Date of last release:. We have not had a release yet.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Most of the initial list of committers have been onboarded, but there are. still a few more outstanding. We have not yet added any new members on top. of the initial committer list.Signed-off-by:. (hawq) Alan Gates. (hawq) Konstantin Boudnik. (hawq) Justin Erenkrantz. (hawq) Owen O'Malley. (hawq) Thejas Nair. (hawq) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.