Apache HAWQ is a Hadoop native SQL query engine that combines the key.technological advantages of MPP database with the scalability and convenience.of Hadoop. HAWQ reads data from and writes data to HDFS natively. HAWQ.delivers industry-leading performance and linear scalability. It provides.users the tools to confidently and successfully interact with petabyte range.data sets. HAWQ provides users with a complete, standards compliant SQL.interface.HAWQ has been incubating since 2015-09-04.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Expand the community, by adding new contributors and focusing on making. sure that there's a much more robust level of conversations and. discussions happening around roadmaps and feature development on the. public dev mailing list . 2. Infrastructure migration: create Jenkins projects that build HAWQ. binary, source tarballs, and run feature tests including at least. installcheck-good tests for each commit (HAWQ-127.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. Everything seems to be smooth, nothing urgent at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. The community becomes more open for discussion around the roadmap,. various features that committers are working on, infrastructure. enhancements for the project. 2. Two talks: . The SQL-on-Hadoop engine that replaces traditional data warehouses:. HAWQ, China Open Source Conference Oct, 2016, Lei Chang. Apache HAWQ on cloud: the easiest way to cloud from traditional data. warehouses, Big Data Technology Conferences, Dec, 2016, Lei Chang. 3. Ed volunteered as an RM for the upcoming 2.1.0.0 release. 4. Interesting discussions and work around Docker for HAWQ. HAWQ has an. account on docker hub: https://hub.docker.com/u/hawq/.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Apache HAWQ 2.0.0.0 released. 2. HAWQ 2.1.0.0 release proposed:. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/HAWQ/HAWQ+Release+2.1.0.0-incubating+Release. Critical HAWQ Register bug fixes. Move HAWQ Ambari plugin to Apache HAWQ: HAWQ-1013 RESOLVED. Introduction of the PXF ORC support. Many bug fixes .Date of last release:. Oct 8, 2016.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. Two committers added: Hong Wu and Paul Guo.Signed-off-by:. (hawq) Alan Gates. (hawq) Konstantin Boudnik. (hawq) Justin Erenkrantz. (hawq) Thejas Nair. (hawq) Roman Shaposhnik.