Apache HAWQ is a Hadoop native SQL query engine that combines the key.technological advantages of MPP database with the scalability and.convenience of Hadoop. HAWQ reads data from and writes data to HDFS.natively. HAWQ delivers industry-leading performance and linear.scalability. It provides users the tools to confidently and successfully.interact with petabyte range data sets. HAWQ provides users with a complete,.standards compliant SQL interface.HAWQ has been incubating since 2015-09-04.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Produce our first Apache Release. 2. Expand the community, increase dev list activity and adding new. contributors. 3. Infrastructure migration: create Jenkins projects that build HAWQ. binary, source tarballs and docker images, and run feature tests. including at least installcheck-good tests for each commit (HAWQ-127.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Everything seems to be smooth, nothing urgent at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. All core contributors/committers have started working on Apache. repository. 2. One HAWQ Nest community meeting (topic: HAWQ architecture introduction 3. Both user & dev community show increasing interests. In Nov, there have. been 438 messages on dev@ and 75 on user@, compared with 357 messages. on dev@ and 21 messages on user@ in Oct.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Main features/improvements added include:. a) Support HA for libyarn [HAWQ-38]. b) Dynamic statement level resource usage [HAWQ-47]. c) Support Kerberos for libyarn [HAWQ-51]. d) Dependent component version upgrade & Bug fixes & documentation. improvement. 2. First release has been proposed and most issues have been finished (115. issues resolved in the release (http://s.apache.org/T3P> Left thing is to do the PPMC & IPMC voting 3. 85 new JIRAs filed, 74 resolved (In Nov 2015 4. 76 code commits (In Nov 2015.Date of last release:. We have not had a release yet.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. No new committers/members from initial.Signed-off-by:. (hawq) Alan Gates. (hawq) Konstantin Boudnik. (hawq) Justin Erenkrantz. (hawq) Thejas Nair. (hawq) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:.