Apache HAWQ is a Hadoop native SQL query engine that combines the key.technological advantages of MPP database with the scalability and.convenience of Hadoop. HAWQ reads data from and writes data to HDFS.natively. HAWQ delivers industry-leading performance and linear.scalability. It provides users the tools to confidently and successfully.interact with petabyte range data sets. HAWQ provides users with a complete,.standards compliant SQL interface.HAWQ has been incubating since 2015-09-04.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Produce our first Apache Release. 2. Expand the community, increase dev list activity and adding new. contributors. 3. Infrastructure migration: create Jenkins projects that build HAWQ. binary, source tarballs and docker images, and run feature tests. including at least installcheck-good tests for each commit (HAWQ-127.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Everything seems to be smooth, nothing urgent at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. One HAWQ Nest community meeting (topic: Data Federation with Apache. HAWQ Using the PXF Extension Framework Video: http://bit.ly/HAWQNest1217, Slides: http://bit.ly/HAWQNest1217ss. 2. The community shows increasing activities. In Dev, there have. been 494 messages on dev@/user@, compared with 459 messages in Nov.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Main features/improvements added include:. a) Improve recovery performance during some exception cases (HAWQ-241,. HAWQ-232 b) Support writable external table executing on a specified number of. virtual segment (HAWQ-293 c) Improve HAWQ resource manager resource allocation algorithm and RPC. framework (HAWQ-234 d) Support fault injector in 2.0 (HAWQ-288 e) Clean up some IP and build related issues (HAWQ-277, HAWQ-186,. HAWQ-184, HAWQ-228 f) Some key bug fixes for 2.0 Beta. 2. 2.0 Beta RC2 was proposed. 3. 98 new JIRAs filed, 59 resolved (In Dec 2015 4. 82 code commits (In Dec 2015.Date of last release:. We have not had a release yet.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. No new committers/members from initial.Signed-off-by:. (hawq) Alan Gates. (hawq) Konstantin Boudnik. (hawq) Justin Erenkrantz. (hawq) Thejas Nair. (hawq) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Justin Erenkrantz:. . There has been good progress on improving the licensing situation. (HAWQ-271) as well as conversations about what it means to be a. contributor (yielding. https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/HAWQ/Becoming+a+committer. All good and healthy so far. Konstantin Boudnik (cos):. Same comment as for Geode: the report is almost copy-cut from one another. (if not in the letter, but in the spirit Did you guys had anything worth. mentioning besides of new features and bug fixes? Like Justin mentioned. above - that what is very important for the project development.