Apache HAWQ is a Hadoop native SQL query engine that combines the key.technological advantages of MPP database with the scalability and.convenience of Hadoop. HAWQ reads data from and writes data to HDFS.natively. HAWQ delivers industry-leading performance and linear.scalability. It provides users the tools to confidently and successfully.interact with petabyte range data sets. HAWQ provides users with a complete,.standards compliant SQL interface.HAWQ has been incubating since 2015-09-04.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Produce our first Apache Release. 2. Expand the community, by adding new contributors and focusing on making. sure that there's a much more robust level of conversations and. discussions happening around roadmaps and feature development on the. public dev mailing list. 3. Infrastructure migration: create Jenkins projects that build HAWQ. binary, source tarballs, and run feature tests including at least. installcheck-good tests for each commit (HAWQ-127.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. Everything seems to be smooth, nothing urgent at this time.How has the community developed since the last report?. 1. One HAWQ Nest community meeting (topic: GPORCA: Query Optimization as a. Service) Video: http://bit.ly/HAWQNest0223yt. 2. The community shows pretty high activities. In Dev, there have been 816. messages on dev@/user@ in March 2016. 3. Got around 29 pull requests from contributors that are not in the. initial committer team. 4. GSoC 2016: 6 topics created for it. 5. FOSDEM 2016 event:. https://fosdem.org/2016/schedule/event/hpc_bigdata_hadoopsql/. https://s.apache.org/BYMR.How has the project developed since the last report?. 1. Main features/improvements added include:. a) Hawq-473 Add fault reason and history into hawq catalog. b) HAWQ-404 Add sort during INSERT of append only row oriented. partition tables. c) HAWQ-558 Improve performance of truncate on small tables. d) HAWQ-532 HAWQ-580 HAWQ-587 Enhance the virtual segment number. selection method. e) HAWQ-551 Enhance explain analyze with more information on data. locality and resource manager. f) HAWQ-546 Enhance \d for HCatalog tables. g) HAWQ-144 Support HAWQ build on MAC. h) HAWQ-597 Add Travis CI(OSX) for MAC. i) Critical bug fixes. 2. 135 new JIRAs filed, 116 resolved (In Mar 2016 3. 134 code commits (In Mar 2016.Date of last release:. We have not had a release yet.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. No new committers/members from initial.Signed-off-by:. (hawq) Alan Gates. (hawq) Konstantin Boudnik. (hawq) Justin Erenkrantz. (hawq) Thejas Nair. (hawq) Roman Shaposhnik.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Justin Mclean (jmclean):. . A couple on minor issues around communication on list and releases but. mentors are on top on it.