Crail is a storage platform for sharing performance critical.data in distributed data processing jobs at very high speed.Crail has been incubating since 2017-11-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Community building: attract additional contributors from different. companies/affiliations. 2. Further increase visibility / PR. 3. Develop further fields of applicability of Crail, such as. efficient serverless computing.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?.How has the community developed since the last report?. Our twitter account "@ApacheCrail" now has 125 followers. We have only 6 active contributors, here we hope. to improve.How has the project developed since the last report?. Second release is out, including binary release. Bug fixes for second release. Better documentation using readthedoc. Constant activities on bug fixes, quality improvements. at https://github.com/apache/incubator-crail. The binary code release as part of the second release. sparked discussion on the general@incubator list,. clarifying the issues on how to handle those releases. .How would you assess the podling's maturity?. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 12/05/2018.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2017-11-01 (entering incubation.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. 2 of our mentors are very helpful and responsive. We had to remove. the third mentor Raphael Bircher due to inactivity.Signed-off-by:. (crail) Julian Hyde. Comments: With two releases completed successfully, community. building is the main task for this project to get to. graduation. Welcome to Felix as a new mentor!. (crail) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (crail) Felix Cheung. Comments: (signing up as mentor.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.