Crail is a storage platform for sharing performance critical data in.distributed data processing jobs at very high speed.Crail has been incubating since 2017-11-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Community building: Increase on number of contributors. and users. 2. Further increase project visibility. 3. Make Crail better consumable / cooperate with other projects on. Crail integration.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.How has the community developed since the last report?. The OSDI'18 paper on Elastic Ephemeral Storage for Serverless. Analytics (based on Apache Crail) increased projects visibility. noticeable. We added two blog posts to the projects Apache home page. One. blog covers the performance of the Crail Python API, another. efficient shuffle data dis-aggregation via Crail. The @ApacheCrail twitter account has 155 followers. We use it to. regularly tweet the availability of new blog posts, code releases etc.How has the project developed since the last report?. Bug fixes for current release. Started evaluation of options for adding fault tolerance/robustness. to Crail service. Started native C++ implementation of Crail tailored to Machine Learning. framework integration (such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, etc.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. Nov-26-2018.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. December 4th, 2018.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive or are things falling.through the cracks? In the latter case, please list any open issues.that need to be addressed. Our mentors are very helpful. We are very happy we got Felix Cheung. offering help as a third mentor.Signed-off-by:. (crail) Felix Cheung. Comments: Good work on external community; would love to see more . traffic on dev@. (crail) Julian Hyde. Comments: I enjoyed the blog post. Crail seem to be doing the right. things to attract community, hoping that we see new contributors. soon. (crail) Luciano Resende. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.