Crail is a storage platform for sharing performance critical data in distributed data processing jobs at very high speed.Crail has been incubating since 2017-11-01.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Community building: Increase on number of contributors and users.Establish new use cases in the community.Make release cycles more steady.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.No issues.How has the community developed since the last report?.We released a new blog reporting "YCSB Benchmark with Crail on DRAM, Flash and Optane over RDMA and NVMe-over-Fabrics".Samsung Research uses the data store for showcasing KV disk performance.Stanford University used the data sore within their serverless 'Pocket' project.How has the project developed since the last report?.Significant improvements to TCP/DRAM tier stability.Added resource elasticity to better fit serverless deployment model. According to current storage capacity needs, data nodes can be dynamically added and removed.A new release 1.2 with above features is ongoing.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building.Date of last release:.2018-11-26.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.December 4th, 2018.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Our mentors are very helpful.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.Yes, others are using the podling's name correctly (e.g. Samsung Research, Stanford University.Signed-off-by:. (crail) Julian Hyde.Comments: Crail seems to be slowing down. Only about 5 emails per month on the dev list, no significant code contributions for six months, no new committers or PPMC members added for a year. A new release is welcome, especially if it spurs community activity. I am worried that Crail will never acquire sufficient momentum to graduate. (crail) Luciano Resende.Comments:. (crail) Felix Cheung.Comments: I share concerns with Julian.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.