Crail is a storage platform for sharing performance critical.data in distributed data processing jobs at very high speed.Crail has been incubating since 2017-11-01.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Community building: Additional contributors from different. companies/affiliations. 2. Increase visibility / PR. 3. Harden the code and improve stability and usability.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. None.How has the community developed since the last report?. To advertise the project, we present(ed) the Crail project at:. OpenFabrics 2018 Workshop. (Crail non-volatile memory integration, presented in April Spark and AI 2018 Summit. (Serverless computing with Crail, presented June 5 DataWorks 2018 Summit in June (Crail, to be presented June 21 .How has the project developed since the last report?. First source code release (Apache-Crail 1.0-incubating) done. (+4, -0 binding votes) and available. Designed/implemented new generic NVMeF storage tier which makes. code base independent of SPDK/DPDK environment. Constant activities on bug fixes, quality improvements and. additional features at https://github.com/apache/incubator-crail.How would you assess the podling's maturity?. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building. Nearing graduation. Other:.Date of last release:. 5/28/2018.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?. 2017-11-01 (entering incubation.Signed-off-by:. (crail) Julian Hyde. Comments:. Having made the (always difficult) first release, the project. is in good shape. They are starting to generate some publicity. by speaking at conferences. I am encouraging them to create a. twitter account (so that they can interact with the wider. community more frequently) and to start thinking of a second. release (to ensure that the release process is reproducible. (crail) Luciano Resende. Comments:. (crail) Raphael Bircher. Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:. lresende: I removed the check from 'working towards first release' as the . first release was just completed.