TVM is a full stack open deep learning compiler stack for CPUs, GPUs, and specialized accelerators It aims to close the gap between the productivity- focused deep learning frameworks, and the performance- or efficiency-oriented hardware backends.TVM has been incubating since 2019-03-06.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Source code and website migration to ASF infra.Make the first Apache release.Continue to grow the community.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?.No answer.How has the community developed since the last report?.TVM community has welcomed one PPMC member in the past month. There is also ongoing votes about adding new committers.How has the project developed since the last report?.Summary statistics: in the past month, 44 contributors have pushed 98 commits to master and 98 commits to all branches. On master, 366 files have changed and there have been 21,156 additions and 2,810 deletions. The contributions covers areas including documentations, bugfixes, user interface and backend hardware support.Some highlights of recent developments:.More robust frontend support to support various machine learning models.Cycle accurate simulation to make it easy to add new architecture backends.Quantized models to enable deployment to embedded devices.For detailed information about the project development, please refer to the monthly TVM community's monthly summary:.April: https://discuss.tvm.ai/t/tvm-monthly-april-2019/2426.May: https://discuss.tvm.ai/t/tvm-monthly-may-2019/2793.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Initial setup. Working towards first release. Community building.Date of last release:.no release yet.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.May 23rd.Have your mentors been helpful?.Mentors are very helpful in helping to set up the podling and provide helpful guidance.Signed-off-by:. (tvm) Markus Weimer Comments:. (tvm) Byung-Gon Chun Comments:. (tvm) Henry Saputra Comments:. (tvm) Furkan Kamaci Comments:.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Dave Fisher: This already busy project and community is just getting started in the Incubator. They look to be on the right track. They have some resources which may require a VM. I suggested that they reach out to Infra on Slack for some answers. It's good to see mentor engagement.