TVM is a full stack open deep learning compiler stack for CPUs, GPUs, and specialized accelerators It aims to close the gap between the productivity- focused deep learning frameworks, and the performance- or efficiency- oriented hardware backends.TVM has been incubating since 2019-03-06.Three most important unfinished issues to address before graduating:.Keep growing the community.Make a few more Apache releases.Improve documentations.Are there any issues that the IPMC or ASF Board need to be aware of?.no.How has the community developed since the last report?.TVM community has welcomed two new committers/PPMC members since last report. There are also two on-going new committer nomination that will close in a week. The community hosted many meetups and an annual developer conference with more than 200+ attendees. These contents are made publically available as per apache way.This has been a great year for us doing the Apache way and grow the community. The community has grown 70% in terms of number of contributors and committers, while these statistics do not necessarily indicate success, they suggest we are on the right track.How has the project developed since the last report?.We made our first Apache release. Thanks to the help of IPMC members, in particular Justin, we were able to hold the Apache standard and release without using the WIP disclaimer.A lot of improvements have been made. Including TensorCore support, embedded system support and performance improvements.See also our monthly report for detailed improvements.Sep https://discuss.tvm.ai/t/tvm-monthly-september-2019/4219.Oct https://discuss.tvm.ai/t/tvm-monthly-oct-2019/4587.Nov https://discuss.tvm.ai/t/tvm-monthly-nov-2019/5038.How would you assess the podling's maturity?.Please feel free to add your own commentary. Community building. Nearing graduation.Date of last release:.2019-12-1.When were the last committers or PPMC members elected?.Dec 1 2019.Have your mentors been helpful and responsive?.Our mentors are super helpful.Is the PPMC managing the podling's brand / trademarks?.We have yet check with the VP. Given the long history of the project, we want to keep the name, will reach out to brand formally.Signed-off-by:. (tvm) Byung-Gon Chun.Comments: Great progress! Good job on the first Apache release!. (tvm) Henry Saputra.Comments: Community is healthy and congrats on the first release under ASF. (tvm) Furkan Kamaci.Comments:. (tvm) Tianqi Chen.Comments:. (tvm) Markus Weimer.Comments: With the first release done, we should look towards graduation.IPMC/Shepherd notes:.Justin Mclean: I think it may be a little too early to consider graduation. Has the podling filling the the optional maturity model, doing so may point out when there's still more work to do.