Apache Streams (incubating) is a lightweight (yet scalable) framework for.ActivityStreams. Streams contains a commons for Rest API connectors and.data schemas, and support normalization of digital events and entities into.the industry-standard Activity Streams format.Streams has been incubating since 2012-11-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Community growth and PMC maturity. 2. Demonstrate a consistent release schedule. 3. Collaborate with other Apache projects to improve integrations. with their software.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be.aware of?. # of contributors submitting and reviewing pull requests has remained. low this quarter. mentor participation has been low. the last PPMC vote. for a release had no -1's but failed to gain the necessary support for. submission to the IPMC.How has the community developed since the last report?. ~25 ApacheCon Europe attendees came to project presentation, but otherwise. no measurable progress in community growth.How has the project developed since the last report?. 34 issues created / 21 merged / 1 in pull request this quarter.Date of last release:. 2015-04-26.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2015-02-23: Robert Douglas elected as committer / PMC member.Signed-off-by:. (streams) Matt Franklin. (streams) Ate Douma. (streams) Craig McClanahan.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Ate Douma (ate):. . As reported above, mentor support has been too low, including my own. I find the dwindling down of participation and contributions other than. from only one (very) active committer (Steve Blackmon) worrisome. More or even primary focus should be turned towards community. development instead of only churning out code. I've suggested some concrete steps for this and propose to give the. project a bit more time to try building up a community and more. contributor involvement. As a mentor I'll try to help out more as well. . However, if there is no substantial improvement within one or two. reporting periods, it might be better to consider retirement instead. Timothy Chen (tnachen): . Seems like there is one active committer as mentioned, and the majority. of the mailing list activity is from JIRA and github from the same. committer as well. Also second that will need to consider retirement if. this continues.