Apache Streams (incubating) unifies a diverse world of digital profiles and.online activities into common formats and vocabularies, and makes these.datasets accessible across a variety of databases, devices, and platforms for.streaming, browsing, search, sharing, and analytics use-cases.Streams has been incubating since 2012-11-20.Three most important issues to address in the move towards graduation:. 1. Community growth and PMC maturity. 2. Demonstrate a consistent release schedule. 3. Participation of project community within related standards-bodies and. Apache projects.Any issues that the Incubator PMC (IPMC) or ASF Board wish/need to be aware.of?. A vote to retire the project was initiated but cancelled after several. individuals on the IPMC list expressed new interest in helping the project. continue to grow and eventually graduate. The project is now on a monthly. reporting schedule to monitor effective progress in growing the community. and active participation.How has the community developed since the last report?. dev@streams.incubator.apache.org. 46 emails sent by 15 people, divided into 9 topics. http://streams.incubator.apache.org. 196 Sessions, 170 Users, 512 Pageviews.How has the project developed since the last report?. https://github.com/apache/incubator-streams-master. Excluding merges, 1 author has pushed 9 commits to master and 9 commits to. all branches. On master, 8 files have changed and there have been 114 additions and 193. deletions. https://github.com/apache/incubator-streams. Excluding merges, 1 author has pushed 6 commits to master and 6 commits to. all branches. On master, 61 files have changed and there have been 85 additions and 66. deletions. https://github.com/apache/incubator-streams-examples. Excluding merges, 1 author has pushed 12 commits to master and 15 commits to. all branches. On master, 67 files have changed and there have been 549 additions and 761. deletions. 92 Issues closed with release of 0.3-incubating. 7 new Issues opened.Date of last release:. 2016-10-03 : 03-incubating release.When were the last committers or PMC members elected?. 2016-09-28: Suneel Marthi elected as mentor / PMC member.Signed-off-by:. (streams) Ate Douma. (streams) Matt Franklin. (streams) Suneel Marthi.Shepherd/Mentor notes:. Ate Douma: I see promising improvements with open discussions about next. steps. and future plans, both technically and to broaden the community involvement. It's still wait and see however if and how the community does pick this up.